. He gathered Q into his arms as though he were holding a precious object and pressed a gentle kiss to unresisting lips — until Q stiffened. 



Alec hastily stepped back, uncomfortably aware that he'd somehow transgressed, but uncertain how. To his surprise, Q pulled him back with a growl and took control, kissing him deeply. His head spun with the lack of oxygen. When he was released, he stared at Q in shock.



Q watched him with the smile of a cat eating cream and heavy-lidded eyes.



"How... what?" Alec looked from Q to James. What had he just experienced?



James, the git, had the same smug expression as Q. "I told you everything would be fine."



"Yes. Now let's eat. Then we can get on with other... activities." Q grinned, a toothy smile.



Alec still felt stunned at the way things worked out as Q took his hand and led him toward the table.



James clapped him on the shoulder with a grin.


 


~~~~


 


Q snickered to himself at the gobsmacked expression on Alec’s face. 



James came up behind them as he led Alec to the table, and leaned over to whisper, “Be nice. He’s been anxious about your reaction for weeks.”



Ah. That sobered him. He’d been attracted to Alec since their first meeting — but that had been after he and James had started dating after the mess with Silva. He’d tried to hide his interest in Alec, but he’d been certain that he’d failed. James, the bastard, had just laughed when he had finally confessed a few weeks ago. He turned to stare at James. The timing was a bit too convenient. James’s return smile was overly innocent.



Right. He turned his attention to the table and smiled. There were plates of finger foods, just right for feeding to each other, and the wine was his favorite red. Alec and James watched him, as if waiting for him to make the first move. Well then. “James, pour the wine, please. Alec, pull the coffee table closer to the fire and bring the food over. We’ll eat there.”



James and Alec exchanged a glance, but did as he instructed. 

Good.

 Q shrugged out of his coat and left it draped it over a chair on his way toward the fire. He wanted to make sure the fire was properly banked to put out just enough heat and light. 



When he was done, he stepped back and leaned into James. 



“What would you have done if I hadn’t been behind you?” James put an arm around him and nuzzled his neck. Q tilted his head, eyes closing in pleasure, to give James better access. 



“You weren’t sneaking, I heard you.”



James chuckled and kissed his neck. “Here.”



Q opened his eyes to see a wine glass in front of him. “Thank you, love.”



“You two are gorgeous.” Alec looked up at them from the rug, his voice holding a note of wistfulness.



“Oh, love.” Q squeezed James’ arm and knelt next to Alec. He took Alec’s face in his hands and pressed a gentle kiss to his lips. “You’re gorgeous, too.”



Alec’s smile lit up his face. 

Good.

 Q settled down on the rug and tugged Alec down with him. “Are you coming, James?”



James smirked. “Not yet, but hopefully I will be by the end of the evening.” 



Q rolled his eyes while Alec groaned. He waved the hand that wasn’t cuddling Alec and ordered, “Feed us, James.”



“As you wish.” James set the wine glasses down on the coffee table. He was chuckling as he sat next to them, until he froze, his attention caught by something. 



Puzzled, Q followed James’ line of sight. 

Oh. 

He watched James’ ice blue eyes darken while looking at Alec. Q smiled. “Kiss him.”




“Yes.” 

James lost no time in leaning over him to capture Alec’s lips. 



The sight of James kissing Alec, right over his head, was something he’d never even thought to imagine. It was sexy as hell, and it made him question exactly how hungry he was — and what he was really hungry for.


 

 

The evening is going well so far, and things are starting to get intense. Kisses and cuddles all around!

 


James watched Q kiss Alec, pleased that his plan was working. There’d been a few moments at the beginning when he’d almost been concerned, but he needn’t have worried. Alec and Q had both been pining after each other for too long to keep this from working out. Now he just had to remain focused on his goal: to ensure this encounter wasn’t a one-off. He wanted a relationship between the three of them.



He had known Alec had been attracted to Q from the first. What he hadn’t realized was that Q was attracted