That was OK, though.  He never lied to her about their relationship.  In fact, he seemed to go out of his way to be honest, which was why he never actually told her that he loved her.  “I know I love you,” she continued, “I’m happy when we’re together.  Telling me you love me is something you don’t say, but your actions speak to me.”

 So he smiled at her, and stayed with her even though never told her that he loved her.  He was amazed that she understood; he just called her Angel and that was enough.  In short, she was perfect, and he didn’t deserve her.  He hated using her as cover but didn’t have a choice at this point.  At least he didn’t really love her, he told himself, just cared about her as a friend.

 -10 Years Ago-

 He was exhausted.  This latest trip had been bad.  He was already disillusioned about his job, but this was becoming painful.  He sighed, opening the bedroom door.  His angel lay, innocently sleeping, bathed in moonlight.  He couldn’t imagine how he had ever thought her to be mousy and plain.  She was so beautiful, and he loved her so much.  He stopped suddenly, shocked by his thoughts.  He didn’t love her, he couldn’t!  His mind began gibbering in panic as he backed out and shut the door quietly.  With any luck she hadn’t woken, hadn’t heard him enter…

 He sat in the living room, nursing a tasteless American beer, and shook.  He wasn’t supposed to love her!  What was he going to do?  He loved her, he couldn’t hurt her.  Didn’t want to hurt her.  The Company could use her against him.  He knew that Thompson was getting more and more suspicious.  It was getting harder and harder to hide the people with harmless talents.  Harder to make himself track down the dangerous ones.  If they thought he was going to the other side, the company would kill him – or use his angel as leverage.  He groaned. He was trapped.  What could he do?

 By morning he had decided on his plan.  He would stay with her, at this point he didn’t want to leave her.  He’s just let slip to his partner that he was just using her as camouflage.  A little uncertainty in certain quarters should keep them both safe enough, right?  Not a great plan, but it should do.  He looked up and was able to smile at her when she entered the living room, surprised and happy to see him back from his trip.

 -9 Years Ago-

 They were curled on the couch together, watching TV.  She shook her head at one of the political commercials.

 “What’s wrong, Angel?” he asked, idly playing with a strand of her hair.  He had noticed before that she hated politics, and detested political ads.

 “I hate those commercials.  He’s lying!”

 “It’s politics.  Politicians always lie,” he countered reasonably, not really thinking about it.

 She shook her head, frustrated.  “It’s not that, I know he’s lying.  I know when anyone lies or tells the truth.  Always.”

 He stiffened.  What?  What was she saying?

 “Is something wrong?” she asked him, turning in his embrace to study his face.

 “No, nothing.” He managed to lie, straight-faced.

 She frowned.  “Don’t lie to me.  I just told you I always know.  The only time you lie to me is about your work.”

She was right about that, but - “How do you know?”  Oh dear gods, she was gifted, and he hadn’t had a clue.  Right under his nose – right under the Company’s nose!

She shrugged.  “I just do.”  Smiled, “like I know you love me, even though you don’t say it.”

 He groaned, and held her tight.  She was one of them!  Nightmare scenarios screamed though his brain. 

“What is it, what’s wrong?” she asked, “you’re scaring me!”

 He swallowed.  He would have to tell her, to show her what he could do, and warn her about the company.  “Don’t be afraid,” he said gently, “sit right here.”  He got up and faced her.  He took a breath and locked his eyes onto hers.   He faded to invisibility.

 She was alarmed but not scared.  She grinned in relief though, when he faded back into sight.  “Claude bloody Rains, you are!” she exclaimed in a horrible attempt at his accent and speech, “I knew you were there!” she said exuberantly.  “You not being there was a lie, and you being there was the truth!”  She flung herself into his arms, excited.  “I didn’t know there was anyone who could do things like that,