lack of information from their prisoner — and then that kiss. He still felt Alec’s warmth pressed against him, Alec’s lips against his.

Pyotr eyed him. “Are you all right, boss?”

James hid the pain from his wounds and from his clothes brushing against the burns. “Yes. I will be, at any rate. Let’s go.”

Pyotr led him towards the back of the warehouse, where their men had gathered the bodies. James looked them over. All of the men involved in kidnapping him were there, dead. “That's all of them.”

“Make sure this looks like a deal gone wrong.” Pyotr looked each of their men in the eyes. “Do you have any questions?”

Semyon spoke for the others. “No. We've got it under control.”

“Good.” James paused, but then shrugged. He had no further orders to add to Pyotr’s. Right now, he just wanted to go home and curl up with Alec in their bed, and not  hurt  anymore. He looked at Pyotr and inclined his head towards the exit. Pyotr nodded, and hovered at his back as they headed out into the sunshine. Hadn't it been evening when he'd been captured? He'd lost time. He'd have to ask how much —

Movement on the top of the building caught James’ eye. He turned towards it and recognized Xenia Onatopp. His gut went cold when he saw the long tube she carried; it was a LAW rocket.

Onatopp raised the tube, aiming at —

 Ohgodno  she was aiming at the car and Alec wasn’t far enough away from their car and James wouldn’t be able to get there in time and —

The rocket’s roar cut off that thought and James stared, stunned, as the car exploded in a fiery ball of flame, sending Alec’s body hurtling through the air.

 “Noooooo!”  The anguished cry ripped from his throat as the heat and pressure from the blast tore at his hair and clothes.

 

James deals - poorly - with the aftermath of the explosion.

 


James stared, frozen, in shocked disbelief. His Walther appeared in his hand, aiming and firing at Onatopp without his conscious control. Then he was racing for the crumpled body lying still — so still! — on the pavement. He dimly registered that the insane woman’s orgasmic shrieks cut off abruptly as her face exploded in a haze of blood and gore.  



He knelt beside the body on the ground, a thin strand of sanity keeping him from grabbing Alec into his arms. “I love you, you stupid bastard, don’t be dead,” he muttered, blinking away the tears that kept leaking without permission from his eyes.



Alec was lying on his side, arms and legs twisted around him. James just stared, not wanting to touch, not wanting to 

know

 that his lover was dead. Not sure he’d be able to survive Alec’s death this time. 



Then Alec groaned, stirring slightly, and James let out a sob in relief. He pulled Alec up, carefully, into his lap, just wanting to hold his lover. He tucked Alec inside his still unbuttoned coat. Alec was just conscious enough to burrow into his chest.



The sound of a shoe scraping the pavement nearby had James pulling out his Walther again, aiming at the intruder.



Bogdan stilled, holding his hands up and away from his body. “Easy there, boss. It’s just me. Can I come closer?”



James stayed silent, the Walther’s barrel never wavering from Bogdan’s center mass.



“All right, I’ll just stay here.” Bogdan’s voice was steady as he kept his eyes focused on James, never looking at the gun aimed directly at him. “We need to move. The police will show up shortly. We need to take Alec somewhere safe.”



James breathed, turning Bogdan’s words over in his mind. Bogdan was smart, appealing to his protective streak. They did need to get away, and soon. But who could he trust? Who had let slip to Onatopp that they would be here? One of their men? Bogdan?



“James....”



It was Alec, stirring in his arms. He turned his attention away from Bogdan, and rubbed his cheek against Alec’s temple.



“I trust Pyotr.” Alec’s voice was weak, pained.



That stung. Alec was injured, how could he say that he trusted someone that wasn’t James?



“James.” Alec’s voice was a little stronger. “Think. We need to get out of here. Trust him.”



James closed his eyes, defeated. He nodded, feeling the strands of Alec’s hair brushing against his cheek.


 


~~~~


 


Alec saw the look of horror on James’ face and started toward him. The blast of heat and pressure caught him off guard, lifting him off his feet. For a moment he was confused, suddenly back at Arkhangelsk, panicking. 

James! Where was James?

 Then he slammed into