. “I’m beginning to remember. You need to tell me what happened.”

Sonya slumped, defeated. “I was CIA. I worked in an office where we created legends and cover stories. One branch of the office was experimenting with memory creation, to strengthen a legend. It was called Project Mnemosyne.” She bit her lip, looking up through her eyelashes to see how he was taking the information.

He just nodded, waving his hand. “Go on.”

She tightened her lips. “You were brought to us needing a legend to go undercover in the FBI. Gates was your FBI contact and controller. He didn’t know your true identity though.” She shrugged helplessly, “He said he didn’t want to know. It was an off book operation.”

He felt a muscle jump in his cheek as he tried to maintain control of his temper. She was telling him what he needed to know.

“I was pulled in to help the technician, Porter. I built the legend while he was going to implant the memories. I created you, Martin. I made you who you are. Your background, your quirks. You really were badly injured in 2004, but I don’t know how. Maybe you really were in Iraq,” she shrugged. “We used that as a natural insert point for the memory alterations. The process is supposed to take about a week. We had to get it done in two days. We were working on the final stage of the process when someone came in.”

She took a breath. From her clenched hands it was apparent that this was a memory that she upset her. “He was an agent I’d seen around. I don’t know his name. Sawyer, maybe? He was raving about recognizing you, and he was holding Kessler hostage. He worked on Mnemosyne too, but I didn’t know him well.” She gave a bitter laugh. “I would never get the chance to know him better — that agent started shooting. First Kessler, then Porter. I was sure we’d be next.”

She folded her arms, trying to protect herself from the memories. “You were groggy from the drugs, so I got you under some cover. Then the room was on fire. I don’t know what happened. I got you out of there, contacted Gates. He said to keep going with your mission. We didn’t know who you were — we had no records. You were the target of that madman, and the best way to protect you was to keep you undercover. I set myself up as your wife, and Aiden as our son.”

He leaned back against the table. It sounded impossible to believe, but it had the ring of truth. “How? How did this whole thing work?”

“I told you. It was my job was to build the legends. The technician’s job was to administer the drugs and put the memories in place. Some sort of deep hypnosis, I don’t know. The drugs suppressed your memories and allowed the new ones to take hold. The subject needed to take the drugs regularly, once a week, until they were no longer needed. Then the subject would be allowed to regain his old memories. I’m not sure exactly how. I wasn’t involved in that part.”

“You drugged me.” He stared at her, narrowing his eyes. “You kept drugging me, didn’t you? Are you still drugging me?”

Her eyes darted around again before she answered. “Yes. But I had to! I had to keep your memory suppressed!” She looked at him, pleading for understanding. “I ran out. I couldn’t get more.”

“You couldn’t get more,” he sneered at her. “Is that when I started having problems with coming out of legend?”

She nodded meekly.

He let that go for the time being. He needed answers and he wouldn’t get them if he killed her the way his instincts demanded. “Why did you make yourself my wife? Why was it needed for the legend? Why did you bring in Aiden? He’s not my son. Is he even yours?”

Sonya gasped and surged forward, furious, to slap him. “That wasn't called for, Martin! He’s my nephew. I never expected to have to raise a kid, but my sister died in a car crash. He may not be my son, but I love him.”

She stood straight, proud, as she told him what she’d done. “Adam kept having nightmares after the crash. He couldn’t sleep, he wouldn’t eat. I stole some of the Mnemosyne drugs to suppress his memories of the crash. After the fire I was afraid, I thought someone might come after me to kill me. Gates said I should go into hiding with you. I brought my nephew to be our son. To protect him too.”

Sonya took a deep breath. “He was in the car