they would have... If we hadn't then... they're - they're sibling fuckers."

Jon hushed her, but he also looked vaguely nauseous. How could they - and with each other? They were twins! They didn't even have bestial blood as an excuse! How could the Gods not strike them down? What did this mean? Were the princes and princess even children of their king or were they product of that unholy union?

"Jon!"

"What?!" He snarled in her face. Arya fell back feeling cowed, baring her neck in a submissive gesture. Jon's face softened, "I'm sorry. I just - I'm sorry Arya."

"Don't do that again, stupid." She retorted but her voice was still shaky. "Are we still going to hunt or should we go home?"

Arya didn't want to go home empty handed, especially if their father found that they weren't home. But attacking the Royal family wasn't a smart idea...at least not with the whole entourage nearby. Jon thought long before saying, "Let's not waste the trip."

It didn't take long for a man - another white cloak - to leave camp, thankfully no one followed him. Arya was light on her feet, this time Ghost and Nymeria are careful to keep a safe but close distance from her. Jon was still running along side her, his gaze firmly on their prey.

"I think that's Meryn Trant."

"How?"

Jon sighed, "I swear Arya, the more you see, the less you know. You need to use more than just your eyes. Use your ears, you have them for a reason." 

He tugged on her ears, Arya stuck her tongue out at him. Arya took a better look at their prey while Jon continued to talk of how he heard other knights and a few of the Royal party refer to him as Ser Meryn or simply Trant. Meryn Trant - if this was Meryn Trant - was not fully armored, he was missing the gauntlets and pauldrons from his arms as well as most of the pieces for his legs. Arya snickered, he must have been hit with the urge to piss part way through removing his armor. 

Unarmored prey was always easier to deal with than armored prey, not that she would deny the challenge. It was just getting late and she didn't want Father discovering their absence. She shifted back human, her clothes ripped and dirty.

"I have a plan, follow my lead." Arya whispered. She crouched down, rubbing her face with dirt, messed up her hair and lightly clawing her arms and legs. She looked at Nym and Ghost and whispered, "Stay."

"Arya, no. Wait!"

But she had already ran ahead.

Once she was close enough, she let herself stumble and fall right in Trant's pathway. Shaking and crying Arya gasped and started to crawl towards him.

"Please Ser," Arya wheezed, coughing and wiping away blood from her mouth. "There was a beast! Oh Gods, it was huge and terrible. It was so fast."

Her voice hitched nearly every other word. Arya stood, pretending to be unbalanced. She grabbed his arm and started to pull him in the direction she came from. 

"I need your help! Please my little sister, she's hurt! The beast might kill me if I go alone. Please Ser, help me!" Arya cried, scrubbing her eyes to make more tears come.

"What is your name girl?"

"Ros. Ros Snow, Ser. And my sister is Laurel. We just wanted to play - we forgot - we got lost! I'm sorry! We should have listened to our mother." She blubbered, though through slitted eyes she peeked at his reaction. A normal person would panic and rush to help but this man seemed to be weighing his options. Even after she said there was an injured child and a possible monster, he was debating his choice.

"Show me, Snow."

Arya held his hand as she led him deeper and deeper into the woods, it was disgustingly hot and sweaty. She took note that he didn't have his sword on him but he may have a dirk hidden though she doubted it. 

"Enough foolishness, where is she?!" Ser Meryn snarled, finally losing patience. By then they were more than far enough away from the camp, they might be able to hear his screams if they strained but he won't scream for long.

"Just a little further Ser." She said but it was hard to keep her voice fearful rather than excited.

"Enough, I'll just take you instead."

He jerked her arm, to drag her against his frame but was stunned when his strong pull didn't even move her.

"Was that supposed to do something?" She drawled looking bored, she dropped her fearful expression. Just a shift of her foot and she was facing him, her posture no longer hunched, she stood tall and prideful as any