’s thumb as she bites.

“Let’s have a toast,” Laura waits for Paige to open her bottle and holds hers out. “A toast to not dying this year.”

“We do this every year, Laur. We almost die yet we somehow lived. First year; Derek changing me without my consent, Kate fucking Argent, that wendigo two years after that, those demons trying to take over town, meeting the two most famous hunters in the United States-- Let’s be real, that Dean guy was real cute. 

“Let’s not forget there was getting my heart broken and watching Derek go all moony of a teenage boy whose friend gets turned by a rogue alpha. This year Kanima,” She took a swig of her booze and her face twisted in disgust. “I wonder what next year will bring.”

“Never mind next year, what’ll next month be. I swear ever since Scott and the rest of those pups were turned its been one problem after another.”

“Hmm.” Paige considered before shrugging.

It takes two more bottles before Paige is finally relaxed. They’re still feeding each other bits of cookies, Laura even starts passing a slice of pizza between them. Laura looks around the kitchen looking for a napkin, instead spotting something better.

“Oh, hey! I forgot mom got peaches.” Laura bit into one and swallowed quickly , passing a chunk of it to Paige. She licks Laura’s fingers clean before they can retreat, juice still dripped down her chin. Paige takes another, looking over to Laura, who is staring at her mouth. She licks her lips suddenly conscious of her gaze.

“If I didn’t know better, I’d think you’d be courting me. Feeding me, cuddling, and laughing at all my jokes.”

“If it was that easy, then you’d already be married many times over. Last one,” Paige passed it back to Laura, who took bit off a big chunk before letting Paige have some.

“Hey I’d be flattered if you did do it though. Pack Alpha must choose a mate that he or she believes is capable of maintaining order & harmony in the pack, and is capable of nurturing new packmates while remaining loyal to the Alpha at all times."

"So basically a mother figure. I could do that."

“You’re practically my head beta already, you’re the one helping me out with the new pups. Well besides mom but she doesn‘t really count.”

“Not like I have much to do.”

After taking a small bite of the peach, she offered Laura the best part of it, the juiciest bit. “You sure? We can split it.”

“You know you only give your lasts to a person you love. I think you’re the best person in my life right now.”

Laura ate even slower, taking tiny nibbles instead of bites. She licked at it before biting down. And when the fruit was gone, Paige slowly pulled her hand back. Then Laura was leaning, bending to find Paige’s wrist, nuzzling and licking, breathing at her pulse. 

Paige felt like her heart was pounding out of control, but instead of pulling back, she tried push herself closer to her, hand gripping Laura’s hair. Paige felt a tongue on the inside of her arm, and then Laura’s lips softly brushing against her pulse. 

They both freeze when they hear laughter passing right by their little alcove, Paige can hear Derek’s laughter from here and it hurts her. Paige pulls away fully and decides to shift the conversation to something else.

“Do you think I should get haircut? Cut it short, maybe dye it?” 

“Yeah. Probably.” Laura says with a snort leaning forward touching Paige’s dark waves.

The mood turns serious when Paige hears Derek literally right outside the kitchen say the words “I love you.” her face pales as she listens to the wet smack of lips and the “I love you, too.” 

She quiets, then throws the rest of her food at the wall, plate shatters and her eyes glowing gold as tears spring up. “Asshole.”

Laura straightens up, looking at the mess then back at her and they both keep quiet for a second waiting for someone to come in and ask what happened but no one comes. Laura turns back to Paige. She leans back towards Paige again this time her left hand goes out and rests on hers. 

“You know what gets me? You’re wasting the best years of your life brooding over it. Like, you have to let go. Paige you’re a pretty girl, your tits are never gonna look better. Your ass is never gonna look better.” 

Paige laughs and shakes her head. “You know, no one's touching my ass. Something about you Hales makes it hard to get anyone else to ask me out. Like you‘re sabotaging my chances.” Laura cracks a smile and looks at Paige, drunk on laughter. “No one's been kissing