face, she mutters, “We’re talking about this later.”

-

They don’t manage to because Laura somehow managed to break her leg while trying to do a trick on the beam, Malia, Ethan and Aiden all got colds and Cora tried to give herself a haircut using Daniel’s hair clipper so she could be like Natalie Dormer. Now Laura’s won’t stop complaining about her leg, the kids are crying all the time and Cora’s got a whole posse of boys and girls following her around. To top it all off, Talia’s getting yelled at by the moms in the PTA all for it, despite her attempts to point out there wasn't much the stylist could do with half of Cora's hair gone

Then she forgets all about it when she does have time, too busy with the family. And Peter gets over looked again, so it never happens. Instead Talia’s off helping Laura with her crutches and Derek with his homework, badgering her father to take his heart medicine and telling her mother to stop moving the spices around. Or when she does remember, they have visitors and Talia pauses her lecture, giving him a guilty pleading look to hold off till later.

-

It’s not like Peter doesn’t love Stiles, he does. It’s just when his friends are a bunch of superstitious assholes, it’s hard to date someone from another team. Stiles can’t even wear Peter’s basketball sweater on off seasons in fear of tainting it (though he does wear it, and damn he looks fine wearing only it).

They get in a fight not long after the game. Stiles fed up, tired of his attitude, of all the damn superstitious. He‘s silent when Peter opens the door. They‘re less than a breath away from each other when Stiles says “We should break up.”

“What?”

“You don’t care enough Peter! I’m tired of keeping up this bullshit relationship. I’m done.”

“Stiles, wait.” It’s too fucking late. Stiles flees, slipping back into his jeep and out the drive way.

He waited days to call Stiles but only got voice mail. He couldn’t go to his lacrosse practices to talk because someone was always over to hangout or drag him in for an extra practice even though there was no real need. At school, they were pulled apart by teachers, coaches and friends. Stiles is usually dead tired by the time he got home and then he had homework to do so Peter didn’t want to bug him then, even though he totally should.

But he didn’t.

-

He’s just sitting on the couch on one of the most important days in Stiles’ life. He’s flipping through channels, going past commercials and useless shows. Talia sighs, ordering Peter to go help Daniel and Derek get Laura, Cora, Malia and the rest of the troop ready for the championship lacrosse game. So imagine her surprise when Lydia Martin comes to their home.

“Is Peter home?” She’s tapping her foot annoyed. “I need to talk to the idiot.”

Talia moved to the side, bouncing Malia on her hip. “Good luck. I’ve tried everything.”

Lydia’s about to move when the yelling starts.

“Moooommm!! Derek won’t help me pull on my sweats and jacket!” Laura yelled from her little island in the living room.

“Derek, help you sister!”

“But Mom, she keeps kicking me in the face.” Derek whines walking downstairs. He passes her Malia’s jacket, scarf and hat.

“Laura, you’re seventeen not seven. Stop kicking your brother. And where is your father?” She asks running her hand through her hair. Malia kicked, dropping her things onto the floor. As she bent to pick them up, Talia remembered about Lydia. “Where was I again? Oh, yeah, Peter. Upstairs take a right and then third door on the left.”

“Thank you.” Lydia says passing by, skipping upstairs. Talia sometimes envies her carefree youthfulness. But then again Talia liked being an adult much better. Not so much pointless drama...most times.

She turns away from Lydia’s fleeting form. “We have thirty minutes till we have to leave. Cora either you put on a hoodie or you wear Aiden’s wolf cap, I already had to deal with one set of sick kids don‘t need another.” Now Daniel passes by, running after the twins and trying to put jackets on them. Ethan stopped, he picked up Malia’s hat and tried putting it on her. “Hey baby, where are your pants?”

“Aiden said they went swimming with the fishies.”

“All of them?” Ethan nodded. “Damn it.” Talia grimaced, they’d have to pull some of Cora’s old clothes from the attic. “Well I hope you like floral.”

-

“Lydia, what an unpleasant surprise.” Peter deadpanned, he would