She's more than a little taken aback by how quickly her mind shapes these images, it wasn't like she was shocked by liking a girl, she's crushed on girls and boys before but this is Emma. Emma who Audrey avoided for part of eight grade because she was so scared of Emma figuring out that Audrey liked her, in that way. 

And Audrey internally grimaces, Emma is still her best friend... sorta. Her best friend -and Emma will always have that title cause she knows Emma and two years of hanging with popular bitches will never fade nearly an entire lifetime of friendship- is sweet and smart and a little dorky but Audrey has never ever been so attracted to someone who fit so well in femininity. Maybe that's why she started to distance herself from Emma, her hidden and confusing feelings only worsened the strain between them.

"Audrey?" 

Her name rolls off Emma's tongue like a purr, Audrey blinks, staring at her silhouette. Oh God, she looks like an angel or something with the way the light is hitting her body, and wow does Audrey suddenly feel scared to look at Emma's face but she does it. "Uh, what?"

Emma giggles tucking a stray lock of hair behind her ear. "I said do you want to try one on?"

Audrey frowns, she's always liked being androgynous, hell a good chunk of the people she liked were more androgynous. When it came to girls, she enjoyed peeling away the layers -both the physical and emotional ones- to find the softness hidden underneath.

"How about no?" Audrey said grimacing. 

Emma pouted, striding over and Audrey is more than a little distracted by the way the fabric moves against Emma's legs. Emma's leaning over her, if Audrey tilted her head any other direction than up she'd have a face full of tits. 

"Please?"

"Unless you got something that's closer to casual, almost boyish clothing my answer is still no."

Emma's practically on top of her, rubbing their cheeks together and she's probably getting some of her makeup on Audrey's skin. Audrey's kind of fighting the urge to wind one hand in Emma's golden locks and grip her hip in the other while pressing her face into Emma's neck. But the smell of hair spray is more than a little nauseating. 

"I swear it's not a dress, you'll like it and you'll real cute, please, pretty please." 

"Ugh, fine, if it means I don't have smell your awful hairspray."

Emma pulled away, sniffing her hair and frowned. "Its not that bad."

The outfit wasn't bad. Audrey thought twisting to look at her reflection. The shorts a little snug and the top loose on her. And really wasn't her taste at all, but it was still pretty cute. Silky looking black high waist shorts, a lacy bra? crop top? she wasn't exactly sure, this sheer feather pattern cardigan and to complete the outfit a feathered necklace.

It was a total 360 from her usual style. This outfit makes her feel like a girl it highlights the barely there curves and her general femininity. They're standing in front of the mirror, Audrey in her new outfit and Emma in her dress. Audrey's too busy staring at how at ease Emma seems and Audrey just wants to slink out of these clothes and tug back on her skinny jeans and tank. 

God when was the last time she's even seen that much of her legs besides in the showers? 

But Emma...her figure fits fantastically between the fabric of that dress. It was just easy and maybe just maybe Audrey's a little jealous or maybe that feeling is actually her falling for Emma and she can't do this.

"I- I think I should go."

Emma frowned, twisting to face Audrey. She gripped Audrey's hand in hers, "Aud, you look fine." She gave a squeeze. "C'mon we should go out, let's go to the pizza parlor in town."

"No, really. I need to change."

"We don't have to go out,"Emma said hurriedly, she really wanted Audrey to be comfortable before she asked her the thing. "We can watch a movie here, and I think the pizza place delivers now."

Audrey is torn now; on one hand, she wants to hang out with Emma and on the other, she really rather be in her own clothes editing an old project or something to keep her mind off how smooth Emma's skin felt. 

"Okay, but I'll choose the movie."

Less than forty minutes later, they got their pizza -pepperoni cause despite Emma's argument fruit doesn't belong on a pizza- and The Covenant playing. She laughs at the quip at Harry Potter, and she only just now notices how Emma is staring at her.

"Em? Everything okay?"

Emma blushes, eyes flickering down for