't reset itself.” Prue murmured, last time she yelled Darryl had come running waving his gun again, thinking the crazy woman had come back. She shoved a chair right under the knob. Piper scowls.

“If time doesn't reset itself, this table against that door is not gonna help much.”

“Yeah, well, then we better start thinking about what would, okay? Because if Leo doesn't succeed, we're gonna have to figure out what we're gonna do.”

“We're gonna do talk shows and book signings and movie deals,” She says as Prue picks up the Book of Shadows, “and then taken by the CIA and dissected.”

Prue still flipping through the Book of Shadows. scoffs, “Yeah, how can you be joking about this, Piper?”

Almost dropping to hysterics, Piper laughs. “Who's joking?”

“Well, I'm not. Alright, I'm scared. And you should be too. Okay, our lives, Piper, everything that we've worked for could be completely destroyed with-with one stupid mistake. Our entire future, our entire destiny could be wiped out just like that.” Prue snaps her fingers and a gunshot goes off. Piper jolts, letting out a choked gasp. Prue swirls around trying to find the source.

“What was that?”

Piper looks down and sees blood blooming from her stomach on her shirt. Her bloody hands are shaking and she looks at Prue. “Prue.” Prue hasn’t heard her voice shake with that much fear in years, it’s the same voice she used to cry for her big sister to protect her.

“Piper? Piper.” Her cries become more desperate, she drops the Book of Shadows and grabs Piper before she falls. Prue looks at her hand and it has Piper's blood on it. Bile creeps up her throat. “Oh! No. No. No.” She chants, tears clouding her eyes.

Outside, Alice is standing on top of her van, smiling crazily. She lowers a rifle. With a laugh she start crowing, “I killed a wicked witch! The wicked witch is dead! I killed the wicked witch!”

A policeman grabs her down, roughly shoving her to the ground and handcuffing her. Darryl pulls her up, pushing her towards one of their cars.

Back inside, Piper is laying on the floor trembling. Prue holds her, trying to reassure her and has a towel pressed against Piper's midsection. She brushes back some of Piper’s hair, whispering., “I know, I know, it's okay.” Her voice gets rough and shaky as she starts to cry. “Leo! Leo!”

Piper groans again, head lolling to one side. “It’s okay, it’s okay. Leo!” There’s still no response, he still has to be in the underworld. “Okay, we have to get you to the hospital. Come on.”

Prue struggles, trying to lift Piper while still keeping pressure. Half dragging Piper out the door, Prue keeps crying for Leo. Piper’s own weak cries are silenced by Prue. Prue opens her car door, slick blood making it hard to grasp. Piper falls in weakly, breath becoming more labored.

“Leo!” Prue screams again, Elana the reporter woman seems to appear out of nowhere, pouncing eagerly on the two witches. That is until she notices the blood on their clothes.

“Miss Halliwell, please, what is going on?” Her voice is laced with concern, it only further aggravates Prue. “Miss Halliwell, please.”

“Leo!” Prue gets in her car and starts the engine. She barely drives to the end of the driveway, everyone is blocking her way out. Lowering her window she nearly snarls, “Move!” She honks the horn, smacking the steering wheel desperately.

“Miss Halliwell, what is going on?” Elana tries again, not getting the hint.

“Move!” She continues to honk the horn. She gets back out of the car. “Move out of my way! I need to get her to the hospital, move! Move out of my way!” She yelling at people who start mobbing her. Frustrated and agitated Prue clenches her fists, the feeling of her sister’s blood on her hands makes her boil. “What's wrong with you people?”

Cole watches from the cave as she starts getting furious and uses her power on Elana and her cameraman, that look of ferocity brings back memories of Priscilla, back when they hunted together. Phoebe’s pleas come back to him. He should ask, he had to ask. The people in the image start running away and she uses her power on anyone in her way, telekinesis flinging them hard onto cars or the ground. She doesn’t care anymore. Piper was her only concern now. Prue gets back in her car, drives down the driveway and tears off down the street.

The image shifts again, this time it’s in a hospital. A trembling Piper is