Rubbing them carefully, he said, "You've been avoiding me - "

"Elena." He strode across the room and stood in front of Stefan's desk. Setting his palm on the table, he leaned forward. "I'm avoiding Elena. Giving you two some alone time like we agreed."

Stefan pulled away from his desk. "What do you want, Damon?"

"If you slept more, you'd probably less grumpy," Damon said and Stefan clenched his jaw. Damon crooked his index finger, "We're going to eat." Damon walked around the desk and took a handful of Stefan's shirt in order to yank Stefan on his feet. He quirked his eyebrows. "My treat."

Stefan pushed Damon away. "I'm not interested."

"It wasn't an offer," Damon said. "But," Damon spread his arms, "I'll give you a choice. Blood bag or sorority girl?" Stefan pressed his lips together and Damon sighed with his entire body. "I've let you get away with your forest animal diet because of Elena drama, but that stops now."

Stefan turned away from his brother, planning to return to his diaries, but Damon blocked him. "Your puppy blood diet would make it very easy for me to overpower you." He set his hands on Stefan's shoulders. "Don't think for a second that I won't." He would, Stefan knew. And Stefan also knew his brother well enough to know that should frighten him or at least bother him.

Damon's voice dropped and his fingers dug into Stefan's shoulders with enough force to make him wince as he said, "Look around you."

Like he was following an order, Stefan glanced over his room. His bookshelves were bare. Four journals rested on his desk. On the floor next to his desk, were three stacks of journals, arranged by year. Ten journals were spread across his bed.

On the couch were about two dozen. On the coffee table were six more. On the chair next to his dresser were fifteen neatly staked spiral notebooks he'd filled with notes. On the floor next to the chair were thirty more, ready for him to use. On the window seal were twenty pens that had run out of ink that he hadn't had a chance to throw away yet.

In the closet, hidden from view, were about a hundred more journals, which he'd stored in the attic after he'd first laid eyes on Elena, that Stefan hadn't sorted through yet.

Stefan turned back to his brother. "I'm summarizing the things I've learned as a vampire for Elena."

"You're sublimating," Damon said, "to an obsessive degree that's impressive even for you." He took a handful of Stefan's shirt and began to walk out of the room, dragging his little brother with him. "So, we are going to go downstairs and drink human blood together." When they were in the hallway, Damon jerked him forward so that Stefan was in front of him and then slammed the door to Stefan's room shut. "And then you are going to go my room to sleep while I remove all the temptations from yours." He yanked Stefan forward so there was only a few inches of space between them. "Are we clear?"

"Just don't throw anything away," Stefan said as he set his hands on Damon's.

Damon let go of Stefan's shirt. Then he smoothed down the material and patted Stefan's shoulder. "I wouldn't dream of it."

"Thank you," Stefan said.

Damon looked at him like he was seeing a stranger. Then he shook his head and took a handful of Stefan's shirt again and began to drag him down the stairs. Stefan stumbled as he was pulled. But that was all right; Damon was strong enough for both of them.

 

Caroline
When Caroline backhanded him with enough force to send him to the ground, Stefan was relieved. Her friendship had become something of a miracle and Stefan was too wary to trust what was too good to be true, but too weak to walk away before the storm came and wasted everything in its wake.

"Why did you leave?" Her voice was small and young, making it easy enough pull himself up and examine her for lasting damage instead of answering her. "I'm fine," she said, and that was a demand, so he took a step back and dropped his hands to his sides. "I'm a vampire, remember?"

"I just wanted to be sure," Stefan said. "Klaus can be - "

Not letting him finish his sentence, she grabbed his wrists, jerked him forward. "You were supposed to be here for Elena." Her fingers dug into his skin, made bruises. "You were supposed to run away from Klaus and come back and come up with a plan to fix everything!"

"I'm sorry," Stefan said. She