if she hadn't dropped out.

8
"Little tired," Willow said sleepily.

"But you're awake," Buffy said as she gently ran her fingers through Willow's hair.

Willow gave her a small smile.

Things were finally looking up.

28
"Are you quite insane?" Wesley hissed.

"Let go of my arm," Buffy said, shooting Spike a 'go away or I'll stake you' look that, for once, he listened to. She turned to look at Wesley and continued, "You're almost hurting it."

"I could do a great deal more," Wesley's eyes were blazing. He moved closer to her. "What is going through that head of yours?"

"We were making a date," Buffy said. "Now go away and write about it in your diary. It's the most action you'll ever get."

Wesley's grip tightened so much it actually did hurt some. "Do you think you're the first Slayer to go insane? I can have the Council - "

Buffy jerked away from him. "You can tell the Council to buzz off."

"If you think I'm going to let you make the same mistakes that - "

This time Buffy grabbed him. "I'd like to see you finish that sentence."

For a moment, he looked like he was going to back down as he always did when things got a little rough. "Lie to me."

Buffy froze.

"According his Watcher's diary, you told Mr. Giles to lie to you. Do I have to break that rule to keep you alive?"

Buffy stared at the bruise on his face. She found herself too tired to push away the guilt as she had been doing the past few days.

His voice grew softer, but firmer. "Must I break all the rules?"

She shoved him away. "Do that and you'll die like him."

"I see." This time he sounded old. "I'm just your Watcher, after all."

They walked home together.

9
"Tick-tock, Lover."

Buffy tore her eyes away from Willow's empty hospital bed.

Angelus grabbed her hand and looked down at her watch. "I give Giles ten minutes."

29
"Mr. Responsibility wants me to kill Spike," Faith told Buffy.

"Just remember kick him hard for me before you do," Buffy said with a shrug.

"He looked - " Faith stopped. "Come on, I found a nest last night. Want to have some fun?"

Buffy shoved the water bottle back in the refrigerator. "I'm feeling suitably violent."

10
Buffy broke the Giles' door down. Literally. He hadn't been in the library and it had been over ten minutes and her heart was thumping so hard she felt like it was about to burst through her chest.

"Buffy, what the d-"

"You're alive," Buffy whispered. "And not hurt."

Understanding dawned in his eyes and she started to cry.

30
"Didn't think you'd show up," Spike said. "Your Watcher looked a tad annoyed."

Buffy almost smiled. "You go first."

"Before you know it, you'll be sharing your food with me," Spike said and she slapped his hand away when he tried to take one of her fries.

"Go." Buffy nodded at their usual pool table. "Before I change my mind."

11
"Hey, Will," Buffy knelt down next to Willow's tombstone. "I'll have Xander next to you soon. I know he's still the one..."

Buffy swallowed and leaned over to rest her head on the tombstone. When she thought about how Willow would understand how hard this was for her, she found herself crying in a detached and numb way.

31
"I'm sure you're right. However - "

Buffy paused from turning the doorknob. All traces of Wesley's annoying arrogance had disappeared from his voice.

"Of course I'm not -" a hesitation. "It's just -" A longer hesitation turned into a pause. "I'll be sure to implement your advice, Father."

Buffy sorely wished he'd stop being a person.

12
Buffy picked up the phone. Carefully dialed the number on the card she was holding. She thought: please.

The operator on the other side of the line had a nice voice. But she only wanted to hear her father's.

32
"You know what happened to my family," Buffy said, staring at her mother's grave and wishing a vampire would just show up. "What happened to yours?"

Faith's voice was distant. "Don't think I ever had one."

Buffy turned around sharply, feeling horrified and ready to say something but Faith moved to press her hand on her mouth.

"Let's go find some real action, B."

"I'm up for it." Buffy thought about how this would annoy Wesley as she lead