!"

"Seeing as Elijah ripped out his heart, can't say I really blame him," Josh said. Kol glared at him an Josh mentally kicked himself. Don't be too honest around murderous Originals. Lesson one of vampirism 101. He blamed the five years without them - they dulled his survival instincts and sharpened his common sense.

"He should be grateful that he got better," Kol said. "Most people who cross Elijah don't. Except Elena Gilbert, fuck her too."

"Who?"

Kol took a long drink. "Doppelganger that Elijah went ga-ga for. She killed me, and Elijah's still got a thing for her. Rebekah's still got a thing several of her boyfriends, all of who helped kill me, by the way. And do not get me started on Klaus and Caroline. And probably Klaus and Stefan. Fuck my siblings, the traitors. Except Freya." Kol's eyes darkened. "For now."

"I have no idea what you're talking about," Josh said, slowly, as if he was talking to a dim toddler.

"Never mind," Kol said. "Just do yourself a favor and never step foot into Mystic Falls, Virginia."

"That sounds like the name of a small town and I make it a rule to stay away from small towns," Josh said, grabbing a broom, "being queer and all."

*

"Joshua," Hope said mimicking the tone Elijah's used, which would bother Josh if it wasn't so adorable, "can we go to Target?" She pulled out a handful of money from her over sized apron. An illegal bartender who could hustle. Josh appreciated her. "I want to buy some LEGOs."

"Sure," Josh said. Wait. He turned to look at Kol, who was guzzling down booze and ignoring his babysitting duties. "Why can't your uncle do it?"

Hope climbed up on a table and leaned over to whisper in Josh's ears, "I wanna buy Frozen LEGOs but Mommy and Daddy don't want me to."

"What kind of stupid rule is that?" Josh asked.

"They call it the hell movie," Hope said. "They don't understand why it's so great." She began to twirl around on the table, long hair flowing around her. "A KINGDOM OF ISOLATION AND IT LOOKS LIKE I'M THE QUEEN!"

"Honey," Josh said with a grin, "not only will I take you to Target but I'll show you some amazing stuff online. Elsa's my baby gay princess, and the Internet agrees with me."

"The cold never bothered us anyway," Hope sung, off-key.

*

"You got me in trouble," Kol said, storming into the bar. "Hayley nearly bit me when she saw Hope's room. All Elsa, all the time."

"Pro tip: I spoil children," Josh said. "You drop your babysitting duties on me, and I'll give her anything she wants." 

"You two must have bought everything with Elsa's face plastered on it," Kol said, "how the hell could you afford it?"

"Uh," Josh said as Kol dropped several bills on the table before grabbing some booze, "you. And we didn't even scratch the surface of Frozen merch." 

"I guess I'm partially at fault," Kol admitted. He gave Josh a mad grin before dropping some more money on the table. "Elijah's," he said at Josh's boggled look, "I stole it."

Josh gathered up the money and pocketed it. It'd probably bite him in the ass in the long run, so he might as well enjoy the easy cash flow while he could.

*

"Maybe I should buy you something that fits," Josh said as Hope put on her over sized apron.

"I like it," Hope said. She stood up on her toes. "It makes me look like Mommy!"

"Remind me to buy you some heels," Josh said as he began to pull her hair up into a ponytail. 

Hope scrunched up her nose. "Why?"

"It'll be cute," Josh said, "you'll get twice the tips."

Hope thought about it. "Only if they sparkle."

Josh was deeply offended. "Like there was any other choice."

Hope cheered.

Josh pointed to a lesbian couple at the back of the bar. "They're your mark today. Work them and report back to me."

Hope nodded seriously before rushing over them. 

Then Josh's day got significantly worse.

"Why is my underage niece serving scotch on the rocks in your bar?" Elijah asked.

Josh nearly had a heart attack. "Where the hell did you come from?"

"Vampire," Elijah said. The 'duh' was implied. "Answer my question before I become violent."

Josh looked over at Kol's usual spot. He was gone. He left Josh alone to deal with and angry and protective Elijah