defiance, the mask he wears sometimes to battle his father.  “Showing up at my home so late at night, bursting into my bedroom, telling me you’d decided to be with Clark.  You knew exactly how I’d react.”

“I hoped,” she challenges him right back.  “I knew what I wanted, yeah, since when is that a crime?” 

 

Lana could work primarily from home, if she wished, but she likes her small corner of the Planet office, the rickety desk she theoretically shares with the theater critic, but, since he never stops in, is in practice entirely her own.  Lex gave a press conference earlier today and she knows, from the way conversations abruptly cease as people pass by her and then start up again once they’re beyond her, that everyone’s talking about it.

“I know he’s your boyfriend,” Lois says, when she appears, shortly before one, for their usual lunch date, “but no matter what he says, I never believe him.”

“Why would you?” Lana says, double checking that her latest draft saved.  “He’s an excellent actor.”  When she raises her head she finds Lois staring back at her.  “Don’t frown like that, you’ll get wrinkles.”  

“Lana, you practically live with the guy.”

Lana closes her laptop.  “And?”  She stands up and grabs her bag.  “It’s warm out there, right?  I don’t need a jacket?”

“You can borrow mine if you do,” Lois says, still watching her.  She manages to keep quiet until they’re a block from the building.  They walk close together, arms brushing, so that, even over the street noise, Lois doesn’t have to raise her voice much for Lana to hear her.  “Are you really saying you don’t trust him?”    

“I wasn’t making a declaration, Lo, I was only explaining why I’m not surprised that you, one of the most skeptical people alive, find him difficult to trust.”

“I’ve seen you two together.  You look happy when you’re with him.”

“That’s because I love him,” she says.  

“But you don’t trust him.”

“I’m not an idiot,” Lana snaps.

“You may love him, but I love you, Lang, and I’m telling you, if you don’t trust him, then it’s not a healthy relationship.”

“I can’t trust him,” Lana finally says.  Lois won’t understand, not now, though Lana can imagine one day telling her why, explaining.  No, Lois won’t get what she means, but Lana knows its significance.  It’s never a question of if she could choose to trust Lex, take that risk, it’s that she absolutely can’t.  It’s life or death, and it’s not only her own, if it were, she’d be free to make the choice.  Anyone she saves, everyone she helps, she can’t do any of that if Lex has her locked up, a prisoner in one of his or his father’s labs.  “But I wish I could.”    

Lois nudges her shoulder against Lana’s.  “Tell me the truth.  It’s the sex, isn’t it?”

Lana laughs.  “Yeah, that’s definitely part of it.”

 

Sometimes Lex kisses like all he wants is to taste her, fucks like all he wants is to be inside her.

But that’s only some of the time.  There are other ways he acts, treats her, the times when he’s so rough it would hurt badly if she weren’t more than human.  And she doesn’t know what’s scarier, the possibility that he knows that or the possibility that he doesn’t, that he might not care, not really. 

And then there are times when he says to her, pleads, almost, “Tell me you love me,” and she does, with her words, with how she touches him, and she feels like she’s saving him again, like she did in the moment after they crashed into each other’s worlds, she’s bringing him back from the brink.

 

Most of the time when she spends the nights with him, she closes her eyes after he falls asleep and just thinks.  Remembers.  She’s got what in a human would be called “Highly Superior Autobiographical Memory” and it can be nice, even more than that, wonderful, to just be back there- in a past where she doesn’t know yet what she is, those few years when she got to be a child- got to be human.   

Sometimes, when she does manage to actually fall asleep, she wakes up to find the bed empty.

 

Tonight, he’s in his office, he’s on the phone, and all she needs to hear him say to