.  Break them all.  Do not let the glass tell you who you are.

But of course I am vain.  When did I ever deny it?  Let me, the goddess of vanity, tell you that it is worthless in the end.  Hear me.  I have followed that impulse further than any of you have dared, and I have seen where it leads, so if I tell you to shun the path, believe that I know of what I speak.  But do I stop, now that I know how wicked it all is?  No, no, of course I do not stop.  I must follow this path until the end.

What did I tell you?  I am insatiable.  I always want more.

My mother kept her breasts from me; she was afraid they would sag.  She gave me a bottle, and the milk was always cold.

Again, I do not tell you this so you may pity me!  This is so that you understand we are not so different.  I, too, heard fairy tales when I was growing up.  Do not assume that just because I star in them, I never learned them.  I knew about Prince Charming, and I wanted to be loved so.  I heard about Beauty, and I wished to be so good that I could turn a beast into a man.  Yes, I wished to be perfect.  You probably find it amusing that I, considered fallen as Satan and bereft of all human kindness, wanted to be good.  But I did!  But no one really loves a good girl, especially when she’s beautiful.  If you’re beautiful all they want is for your legs to open.  But you know that, don’t you?  Do you know what you told the world, when you tried to dress like me, paint your face like me?  You said, yes, I, too, will kill Snow White.  I don’t care about her, she’s nothing to me, and I will do whatever it takes to be the first, the best.

But it’s such a cheap victory, to be the most beautiful.  Why, then, did I want to hurt her?  It had already taken root in my heart, the urge to destroy.  When we create, that is when we are alive, so don’t stop.  Don’t ever stop, don’t even take a moment to catch your breath, to look around and compare yourself with others.

But this is how we grow.  We learn it is the ‘est’ that matters.  It is not enough to be pretty, smart, kind, we must be prettiest, smartest, kindest.

I was so jealous, so painfully, unbelievably envious of her, and yet when I was fairest, it did not give me peace.  Do you see?  There is no peace in climbing that ladder.  Bottom rung, top rung, it makes no difference.  It is your devotion to hierarchy itself that traps you, not your place within it.

And I refuse to play that game any longer.  So now you crown me most beautiful of all bitches and I applaud you.  I AM a bitch.  I would rather be a bitch than a martyr.

Of course you’re going to kill me now, yes I know.  Still, I am no martyr.  You kill me for my crimes and, as I told you earlier, I know I deserve it.  I chose to come here today.  If you weren’t going to do it, I’d have done it myself.

Why did I dress for it, in my gown of white and gold?  Why did I curl my hair and paint my lips and line my eyes?

Darling, this is who you want to kill: the beautiful bitch.  If I came here in rags, hair shorn, eyes red from weeping, skin bruised and bleeding from self-flagellation, you would begin to feel sorry for me.  And if you feel sorry for me, then where’s the fun in watching me die?  The more you hate me, the more you will enjoy the spectacle of my destruction.

Only later, later, I do want you to look, just for a moment.  Seize your own heart from out your chest, hold it up to the strongest light you can find, dissect it under the microscope, and tell me, tell me, whisper the words above my grave…did you find the thorns and once you did, did you dare to pluck them out?

Ah, they’re almost finished heating the shoes now.  I can see them turning red as they lie in the coals.

The band has started to play, the crowd is cheering, the champagne is flowing.  Soon.

And I will dance until I die.  I will dance, and every one of you will watch transfixed.

She is crying.  She has asked you not to do this.  She says that she does not want revenge.

Ah!  There it is!  Did you catch it, please tell me you caught it, what makes her so beautiful.