your equal.  If you wanted his god damn wife, you'd have her.  She'd let you tie any knot that you pleased.

A man like Angier doesn't love, anyway.  He only has, owns.  Just as he does with Cutter.  Little lap dog who jumps and barks and turns all on command.

You mourned for Julia more than Angier did.  He only cared that he had lost.  She trusted you.  She let you take her life in your hands.

But you never intended.  No, you never intended.

And how you wondered, how guilty did he feel, your other, when he stood at the funeral and said, I don't know.  He has no reason to feel guilty.  He would though.  He's like that.  You're two, not one, and you move again to take his hand in yours and again he pulls away.

You must, you say.  You must do it now.  No delay.  Now!

And he takes the instrument and makes it clean as he can.  Both of your faces are clean.  No disguises here, when it is just you, you two.  Different hands and each time you reach for him he pulls away.

I wish, he says.

But there is no point in wishing.  He does not want to hurt you and you want to hurt Angier for hurting him.  It all comes out rather nicely, doesn't it?

You are not afraid, not really, when he stands behind you and holds your hand in place against the wooden table.  You are not afraid of the pain, you will suffer for the trick, you will always suffer for the trick.  But it makes you one again, and you like to remember that you are two.

He puts a strap between your teeth and you clench till you nearly bite through and then you are one again.  You are one again, the same, and he holds your head against his chest until the bleeding stops, until all your tears have been absorbed into the fabric that separates your cheek from his beating heart.  His beating heart, it races, too, the adrenaline has soaked through both of you.  His breath is slower, you let yours join.  He exhales, you begin your inhale, you exhale, he begins his inhale, like that, not one, but two, and he pulls just a little bit away, looks at you to be sure, to see you, that you are still there, not shocked, not damaged, and presses a kiss against your damp forehead.

You must go home to Sarah, he says, after he has finished bandaging you, carefully, slowly, he wraps your crippled hand, but all his care can not stanch the blood, which seeps through the white strips and travels in rivulets, leaving red branches in its wake, a leafless tree of fire in snow.

And when you had to dig to find him, you hit roots, withered roots of dead trees that were long gone, and you would pull them out of the way, fast, fast as you could, you chanted it over and over again, no, not even a chant, just one word, shouted, screamed, Alive Alive Alive, and there were no thoughts of how you would reap your vengeance.  No, then there was only the thought that he must be alive.  He must be alive, and when you finally, finally had him there, beside you, two of you, whole, his hands were bleeding again, from banging against the box, from trying to free himself.  He fell forward against you, weak, squinting, the gray day was too bright after being trapped underground.  When you took his cold hands into your own and raised them to your lips, he was silent.  You took the glasses off to see into his face to see him and you were two.  You were two and the wind was blowing and rustling the dead leaves around you and you both looked up, looked up and saw the same sky, you were underneath the same sky, you were there and he was there, and that made two and you walked beside him, you let him lean his weight on you.

When you are in Olivia's bed, through the window you can see a dead tree, its blackened branches still visited by birds, birds who must have known it when it flowered and can not change their obsolete allegiance.

Sometimes the other bird dies all by itself.  They are two and after the trick, there is only one, and sometimes that one does not want to go on.  It wills its death.  It wills itself to follow the other.

But he must not, he must not let himself be like those birds.

He will have Jess, and that will make him a two.  And even if he feels himself to be one, he will not leave her to be one.  No matter whatever else happens, Jess must not feel she is one.

One is alone, and perhaps you have always been two and one at the same time.  Never alone, carrying each