's clinging to her. "We look so young."

"Oh, god, don't say that. I can still pass for sixteen."

Ricky's there, too, gently leaning against Jane, resting his head against hers. He's smiling like he always does when he's with her, like he holds the secret of the universe. She puts the picture back in the envelope for safekeeping, notices a newspaper clipping. "What's this?"

"Review of your boyfriend."

"What does it say?"

"That he's an enfant terrible."

"What?"

"He's brilliant, but he needs to do a better job editing his films."

"He doesn't edit. That's the point. It's all exactly as he saw it."

When she returns home he is in front of the computer screen, watching the footage he shot today. When he hears her walk into the room he pauses the playback, swivels in the chair to face her and opens his arms. She runs to him, sits in his lap and hides her face against the side of his throat. "Hi," she murmurs.

"Hi," he echoes back.

"I brought you soup and a sandwich. Are you hungry?" Sometimes he forgets to eat if she doesn't remind him.

"Later."

"Angela said you got a stellar review in the New York Times."

"Stellar. I like that word. Like a star."

"She gave me a copy, if you want to read it."

"Did you read it?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

"What do you mean, why?"

"You're closer to me than anyone in this world. Why would you need to read what someone else says?"

"I was just curious. Aren't you curious at all?"

"No."

"If people were writing about me, I'd have to read it. I'd be so scared they were saying something mean."

"They can say whatever they want. It means nothing to me."

He was really sick, once, burning up with fever, but he wouldn't go to the doctor. Every time she asked him if he needed anything, his answer was always the same: just you. Sometimes she wishes he wouldn't say things like that. She loves him more than anyone, but he's not everything to her. He is the most important part of her life, but not the only. Sometimes when she's reading, or washing the dishes, or combing her hair after she gets out of the shower, she catches him staring at her and is unnerved for a moment by the feeling that he is always with her, that he would consume her if he could, make them into one being.


In the years they've lived together, Ricky's only seen her mother once. Her mom had been in Manhattan for a real estate workshop and they'd met for dinner. When Jane ordered dessert her mom said, "Honestly, Janie, show a little self-control. You're getting fat."

Ricky's fist hit the table. "Don't talk to her like that." He never raised his voice, but it was still a threat. "You don't own her." Jane was shaking and when he put his hand to her back, she couldn't help jerking away. "I'm sorry," he said to her. "I'll see you at home."

"Neither do you!" her mother screeched after him. "He's crazy, Jane, just like his father. Do you know how much I worry about you? You're all I've got and if something happens to you, if he ever hurts you, I'll kill him with my own hands. Do you hear me? I'll kill him. You tell him that."

He still scares her sometimes. He never means to, of course, but sometimes he does. She knows Ricky wouldn't lift a finger to protect himself, yet she feels he would do anything to protect her, anything, and she doesn't know if she can bear that responsibility. "He would never hurt me mom, I promise. I promise."


Sometimes she can't help but wonder what it would be like if they'd never met. Would they both still have their fathers? She's been thinking about her dad a lot lately. Soon it will be five years since he died. "I miss my dad," she tells Ricky one morning and he looks her straight in the eye and nods but says nothing. "The last thing he ever said to me was that he hoped I didn't turn into a bitch like my mom."

"You know he didn't mean that. He loved you. He just lost his temper. He was thinking of you when he died, of your mom, your family. He was happy."

"You can't know that."

"I