brief note from the mysterious Carlos. He rambled about the neat clean handwriting, and how wonderful that name sounded. He let the syllables melt on his tongue as he said Carlos. When the show had ended, he left for his house taking his eagle and the precious note with him. He sat at his desk having dug out a quill and some scrap of paper from a hidden compartment in his desk. Writing was not allowed as it could lead to books which could tragically lead to reading books, so he had to hide his stationary and claim his eagle was most certainly only his imaginary friend which of course was perfectly reasonable. He picked up his pen and wrote to Carlos. He wrote:

	I am glad that you kept my eagle safe and I assure you my mail eagle is quite normal.  Also mailing via letters is much too dangerous as you know the menacing government agency is sure to look through anything. Emails are much too difficult because computers are so complex. So I prefer mail eagles because they are majestic creatures. Are you a scientist because you mentioned a laboratory and I heard that scientists worked in those?

~Cecil

	That was the start of their correspondence and notes and letters were exchanged back and forth. Carlos ever the scientist asked lots of questions which Cecil was happy to answer. They once got in quite argument when Carlos mentioned the obviously false existence of mountains and Cecil replied with the fact mountains do not exist. This argument went back and forth until Carlos sent a picture of himself next to something that Cecil refused to accept as a mountain. But the moment he had opened the letter and saw the photo his breath left him. Carlos was so handsome that Cecil wanted to squeal. Carlos had the most luscious and glossy dark curls with beautiful gray eyes behind a pair of glasses. He was absolutely perfect and Cecil made sure to rant thoroughly about it on his show. He pinned it on the wall of his radio booth along with his other photos. There was a drawing Janice had given him and some pictures of her. Also there was some of places all over night vale that he couldn’t remember even taking. Each note was precious and he treasured every single one. Carlos was something new something exciting which he had never gotten to experience. He had been born and raised in this town and he had never left but Carlos was someone from the outside. He did sciencey things in his white lab coat which was amazing. Cecil got out his old camera and took a photo of himself to send back to Carlos. Cecil had made sure to look nice in the photo right down to his third eye. He sent it attached to the next note. 

	Over the months their relationship grew into friendship and they regularly talked to each other. Occasionally sending photos of whatever they were doing. They learned little bits of each other's pasts and whispered secrets to each other through the ink on the page. Cecil was developing a bit of a crush if he did say so himself. He found himself look at the small collection of photos on Carlos on his wall. He would sigh and mope when Carlos took a long time to respond and wondered how to reply without sounding stupid. His heart raced when Carlos said his eyes were awesome and looked really nice with those contacts in. Cecil was blushing even though Carlos didn’t think his eyes were that color of purple. He gushed about Carlos on the air and he received some letters namely from Janice telling him to go get Carlos if he liked him so much. But Carlos was far away way out of his reach. Even if he made his heart go all melty he could never hold him and see him. How could he leave this town he was attached to and how would Carlos react to him liking him in the first place. If he confessed and Carlos rejected then he could lose those letters that he so dearly loved. So he kept silent about them and tried to bury them. 

	Almost a full year passed on this strange relationship of theirs that didn’t quite fit friendship anymore. Both seemed to shy away from the subject and kept on talking about a lot of other things. Carlos wrote long letters on his latest experiments like the big nerd he was. Cecil could just see Carlos’s eyes lighting up as he explained his science. He yearned to hear Carlos’s voice which probably was as wonderful  as the rest of him. He wrote back talking about the radio station and the town. Carlos always seemed to never truly believe him when he told him about the normal events that happen in Night Vale. He would always reply what a great writer he was and how imaginative he was. Cecil always pouted a little when he saw this but knew Carlos was a scientist and all the scientists that came to their town always said that this town was impossible. He wished that he could have Carlos here and that he could show him everything in his town.

	Cecil had just finished up the show and was headed home to get dressed for the party. Apparently from what he heard a group of scientists were coming to town. They had heard about their little town and had decided to check