patch in his hair. He walked with a confident stride to meet Allura at the microphone. They smiled to each other as she handed him the microphone. 

	He took the microphone and said, “I am honored to accept this title and I hope I can lead this facility into it’s bright and promising future.”

	The applause in the crowd broke out again before calming as he continued, “Alfor was the one who took the dream of making a place where scientists from all sorts of fields could gather and have the ability to generate cutting edge advances that everyone could benefit from and made it a reality. He built this place with that dream in mind. This place has made so much progress and and I can only hope that with all of you working with me, we can continue to keep moving forward. Thank you.”

	The ensuing applause was almost deafening as he finished and took a bow. Hunk didn’t even work here and still felt motivated.The light came back on and the party resumed with many swarming around Takashi or “Shiro” as most called him. 

	Instead of battling the crowd, they decided to hit the desert bar as now everyone had decided to crowd around the other attraction. Their eyes gleamed with pure happiness as Hunk, Pidge and Lance looked upon the amount of food laid out on the table. They piled their plates up high before retreating to the one of the tables to eat.

	They dug in happily and Hunk was in bliss. The food here was so good that he let out a hum as the taste burst in his mouth. Lance laughed at his blissful expression while shoveling more into his mouth. Pidge ate with less gusto but still looked quite pleased.  As Hunk prepared to swallow, his eyes met with a too familiar pair of dark ones that were currently looking right at him.

	Hunk felt the food go down the wrong pipe as he began to choke. He continued to cough painfully as Lance and Pidge pounded his back. Once he managed to breathe again he looked up to make sure that he was not just hallucinating. To his horror, Keith was still there and still looking at him. In fact, he was walking toward them with the same serious expression. Hunk let out undignified “eep” and Lance and Pidge turned to see what he was looking at.

Lance’s eyes narrowed before hissing, “Keith.”

Pidge mumbled something in German while looking like she knew what was about to happen.

Keith arrived at their table and for a moment it was just awkwardly staring at each other seeing who would be the first to talk.  

“Hello Keith,” Lance said with his lips stretched into a painful looking smile.

	However there was no response as Keith was solely focused on Hunk. Hunk could hear his heart thumping in his chest as their eyes met.  Hunk was about to end the awkward silence but Pidge spoke up instead.

	“Keith this is Hunk and he owns the flower shop not too far from here,” Pidge said.

	Keith blinked for a moment before saying, “I know that. I've been there to get some flowers.” He said this without taking his eyes off of Hunk’s. His face didn’t say any of what he was thinking aside from the little bit of shock that remained in his eyes. Otherwise he seemed different from the man who had said he liked his tattoo,. He knew it was silly since he hardly knew Keith besides his name but he could tell there was a shift in his behavior. Hunk had been told he had the eye for it. He could just sense when something was off.

	“Yeah I remember you. You bought some arrangements recently right,” Hunk said acting equally as nonchalant.

	Keith obviously didn’t think much of him coming by the shop everyday so there was no reason to bring it up further. Lance looked like he wanted to say something in protest but Pidge pinched him and he yelped..but Lance was never someone to give up.

	“Well I didn’t know you much of the flower type Keith. My buddy Hunk on the other hand has been crazy about flowers since we were both kids,” Lance said trying to be casual while failing miserably.

	“It was for errrr personal reason, I needed flowers,” Keith said pausing before adding, “Thank you for making them so nicely…Hunk.”

	“No problem. It’s kinda my job to make good arrangements,” Hunk said shyly.

	Pidge said, “Any other reason you wanted to come to our table, Keith besides to meet our lovely friend, Hunk. She smiled almost maniacally while saying it. Hunk felt like his face might explode from the comment.

	“No, I just thought that Hunk looked familiar so bye Pidge and Hunk,” he turned and left after he said that without sparing a glance at Lance who was holding up a finger that wasn’t quite appropriate for a party. 

	The rest of the party was pretty much the same with them talking loudly and Lance dragging him over to meet more people. He got to talk to Coran who surprisingly was interested in flowers so Hunk explained a thing or two about them. In