From the way he came in to a crime scene and slung his arm around Shinichi’s shoulders and pulled him closer to him. That wide grin directed towards him was blinding. Shinichi could feel his cheeks heating up and he had to try desperately to calm down. He found himself getting flustered around Heiji. Then Heiji would make it worse by sticking his face up really close to his and asking if he was sick or something.Then Ran began teasing him saying he looked lovesick and who this lucky person was. After that he realised that he had fallen for that idiotic detective with his stupidly adorable accent.

	Once he came to that realization, he tried to see if maybe Heiji liked him as well. He tried to leave as many hints as he could. He let Heiji cling to him instead of pushing him away. Then he began getting a bit more casual as well by himself touch Heiji’s arm and let his hand linger a bit longer than necessary.Yet Heiji didn’t seem to notice at all. Although he didn’t protest at all so Shinichi tried to be more and more noticeable yet as subtle as he could be without being completely upfront. The police force could see what was up and they seemed to support him. Though he figured out that they all had a bet on who would figure out their feelings first. They tried their best to aid him by leaving their own hints as well. Things like mentioning how close they seem. Heiji was again oblvious and said that they were close best friends. Even Kazuha and Ran realised what was going on and reassured him that that Heiji and him were both the most oblvious people they had ever met and that Heiji probably just didn’t notice any of it. Shinichi just couldn't help but feel disheartened by it all. These feeling ached in his chest yet he couldn’t hate them either and it was frustrating. His love for Heiji was like an inferno that just kept getting hotter. Then one day it hit an unbearable fever pitch.

This case was dangerous and the culprit was armed and not hesitant to kill. They had to split up to search the entire building. Their backup was yet to get here and they couldn’t wait. Shinichi crept silently through darkened hallways carefully analyzing for any signs of life. Then the sound of two gunshots and a sickening thud made him freeze. Then suddenly he was moving again, his legs pumping as hard as they could go. His mind was racing and his heart ached once again. It was pounding loudly in his ears as he turned corners. The first thing he saw was blood and his throat contracted painfully as he shakily let his eyes look up. The culprit was lying in a pool of blood face down after seemingly putting a bullet through his own brain and Heiji was clutching his shoulder as blood leaked from the wound on his shoulder. Shinichi almost broke down right there in the relief but he had to stay calm. He rushed to Heiji’s side and looked him over. Heiji looked at him and gave him a smile and said, “Shinichi you look stupid all worried like that.” Shinchi almost smacked him but instead he shocked even himself by what he did next. He leaned in and kissed Heiji. His lips were a bit dry but still soft and they were moving against his. Shinchi let his hands come up to cradle Heiji’s face. He knew he was crying as he felt tears tracking down his face in relief. Then he realised suddenly that he was kissing Heiji and that he hadn’t been pushed away in disgust. He backed away quickly wiping his eyes hoping that Heiji didn’t notice. 

“You’re an idiot Heiji and you better not scare me like that again. When I heard gunshots I thought you were dead and I would never get to tell you that I like you,” Shinichi said. Then he realised what had just come out of his mouth and he felt his cheeks growing alarmingly warm. Heiji just stared at him with eyes wide before breaking out laughing. His deep chuckles filled the room as he threw his head back. Shinchi just stared at him indignantly as he assumed he was laughing at him.“I have liked you for years now and I never thought you would ever like me back,” Heiji said looking at him with a look of pure joy. Heiji was leaning in and his face was so close that Shinichi could feel his breathe on his lips. Then the door slammed open as the police force rushed in finally here as back up. They surveyed the scene and saw the closeness between the two detectives. Then they cleaned up the scene and took statements before Heiji was taken to the hospital. Shinichi walked into Heiji’s hospital room carrying flowers that Ran had handed to him before he came and visited. Heiji was lying in his bed and seemed to be asleep. So Shinchi placed the flowers in the vase on the table near the bed before sitting down in the chair near his bed. Heiji suddenly reached to clutch Shinichi's hand before bring it up to his face. He placed a kiss on Shinichi's fingertips and watched as Shinchi