sure to consume him. Hopefully Ran would bring some of his books as well.

	He cursed as he realised that today was the day of the Kaitou Kid Heist. Obviously he would be forced to miss it since he couldn’t move. It was disappointing since he had been looking forward to going again. Shinchi liked the way that there was always something exciting that happened when he was with the thief. His usual routine cases were dreary. The same amount of bloodshed, bodies and criminals piling up. He had long gotten acquainted to seeing a dead body or some violent crime almost everyday. Today it seemed he wouldn’t receive his routine break from the monotony. Instead he received a knife wound that would place him on bed rest which was the equivalent to murdering him.              

From the clock, he could see that the heist wouldn’t start for another three hours. Which didn’t matter because three hours from now, he would probably die from the sheer boredom. Just then a nurse came bustling in asking him about if he was in any pain and whether he needed anything. After that she gave him something for the pain and then made her way out. 

An hour passed by as Shinichi drifted between consciousness and sleep. He always had struggled falling asleep in unfamiliar places. He could feel himself finally going to sleep before he heard the rap of knuckles on his window. Shinji opened his eyes to the noise of the window being tugged open from the outside. In came Kaito Kid holding a bouquet of pink roses this time. 

Shinichi said, “Why is it that  I can never just suffer in peace.”

	The thief pouted and said, “Tantei-kun are you saying that you aren’t happy to see your favorite criminal.”

	“Sorry but I don’t pick favorites among criminals,” he said. 

	Kaito said with mock offense, “But I brought these lovely roses and this is the thanks I get.”

	“Who said that I even like roses hmm,” Shinichi said in a matter of fact tone.

	The thief grinned and replied, “Well it’s not hard to figure out because you keep them on your bedside.”

	Shinchi just countered, “Another reason to hate nosy thieves, they sneak into your home.”

	“I was just returning something that turned out to not be useful. Anyway here are your roses for this heist,” Kaito said as he set the bouquet on the table in the corner of the room. 

	“So I see we are making this a tradition,” Shinichi said.

	Kaito said, “Well, of course, because what else would match my dear detective besides roses.,” Kaito pulled a pocket watch and flipped it open to check the time before saying, “Well I must go Tantei-kun but I will come back to visit.”

	Shinchi although relieved he would have something to look forward to still replied, “You shouldn’t make that promise when you don’t know if you’ll be caught.”

 

	The thief just replied, “Lady Luck seems to be in my favor, so I think you should anticipate that visit.” Then Kaito Kid had escaped through the window again.Shinichi finally felt himself succumb to the warm drowsiness. He dreamed of white billowy cape and the smell of roses. 

	He slipped in and out of consciousness after that he only woke up briefly when the nurse reentered this time to check on him again. Then another time when Ran had come to visit. She looked a little teary eyed and she swore that she would kick him in the face if he ever made her worry like that again. Unfortunately she had brought along Sonoko who brought up the bouquet of roses. She teased him asking him if they had been from an admirer. Then she chattered about the meaning of roses but by that time Shinichi was well on his way to falling asleep again.

	The next time he awoke, it was when yet again to the sound of Kaito making his way inside of his room. It seemed that the thief had gotten away safely from his latest heist. In his hands, he held his latest catch, the Sanguineum Diadem. The jewel in the center was said to glow blood red under certain light. 

	“It seems that you made it,” Shinchi said.

	Kaito replied with a grin, “Have I ever broken a promise to you.” 

	Shinichi said softly, “I guess not.” The weariness of the day was causing him to feel lethargic so he didn’t think he had the energy to play the game of wits with the thief.

“Getting sleepy there, Tantei-kun,” Kaito said as Shinichi felt his eyes slowly closing.

All he could respond was a small, “hmmm,” before closing his eyes completely. 

“I guess I will let you sleep, sweet dreams Shinichi,” Kaito said with uncharacteristically soft voice. That was the last thing Shinchi remembered before he drifted off into a deep sleep. 

	The next morning he awoke to the sounds of soft giggling and someone trying to shush someone. There was a something on his head judging by the pressure and weight. He opened his bleary eyes and although it took a moment to focus, he saw