older Usami had known Hiroki would decline his offer. The only reason Hiroki visiting his spacious house was his brother. Other than that, Hiroki never set foot there. Being an older guy who had lived longer and had more experiences, Haruhiko could tell the discomfort lingered inside his brother's friend had he stayed in his house without Akihiko.

Hiroki regretfully opted to turn down Haruhiko's secretly kindness. Sure staying inside the Usami's household would keep him warm and the butlers would serve him delicious cakes and hot tea. He wouldn't feel cold and hungry. But the idea of being there without his friend was not the best choice. Staying there might sound as the best solution for his problem, but he decided to take the alternative one, which put him at disadvantage charge of staying out in cold and hunger.

Haruhiko took a look around. Once twilight was over and evening came, the air became colder. He looked back down. "How long will your parents come home?"

"Around two hours or more."

"No spare key?"

"If there were any, I would already be in."

He let out a heavy sigh. At one fleeting glance to Hiroki, he could already tell from the hard line of his face and those audacious eyes that the younger boy was very stubborn. Once he had set his minds, nothing had the power to change him.

"Have you confirmed this with your parents?"

"How?"

"Call them."

"I don't have mobile phone."

He should have known that. Not all kids owned the telecommunication device.

"Besides, if I call them, it will only give disturbance for them."

Without any words, Haruhiko walked around the house, observing the doors and windows, pushing them. When one didn't open, he moved to another.

"I've checked them," Hiroki spoke, his tone quivered slightly. "All of them are locked."

Haruhiko stopped right before the boy. "I can't let you be," he mumbled incoherently. Just like his abrupt presence, he vanished into his manor. When Hiroki was pretty sure Haruhiko left him alone, unexpectedly he walked back with a hammer in his hand.

Hiroki was startled. "What are you going to do?" he began to panic. "You won't break the glass, will you?"

The taller boy gave him a look. "I'm not that stupid," ignoring the young Kamijou, Haruhiko stepped to a particular window in the side of the house. His yukata swished elegantly.

Not wanting any damage happened, Hiroki hastily got up from his sitting position and followed him. He couldn't decipher what kind of punishment his parents would give him should he let anyone break the house.

"I will pull out the nails in the hinges so the window can be removed," Haruhiko explained his plans.

"It won't damage the window, right?" Hiroki conveyed his worry.

Haruhiko's expression softened seeing Hiroki's mortified face. "Once it's done, I will put it back. Now get me a chair."

Honestly Hiroki didn't know Haruhiko's whole plans but he complied. He rummaged his mental note: Akihiko was damn smart, so should his bespectacled brother be. The glasses and the serious looking feature of the brother convinced him enough of it.

Haruhiko stood on the plastic chair Hiroki got from the veranda. He started to hit the hammer onto one of the hinges. Its sound terrified the younger boy.

Hiroki crossed his fingers, a belief he got from his friend, in a hope everything would be fine. He could do nothing, so he watched Haruhiko, who looked way taller with his standing position on the chair, work on the window.

Hiroki didn't want to admit it but at the moment he thought Haruhiko was hell cool. He didn't know whether it was due to the seriousness marred his face, or his sturdy figure or even because of the clothes he was wearing. Sometimes during his visits in Akihiko's manor, Hiroki found the older brother was clad in yukata, instead of the casual clothes normally teenagers his age wearing.

He could never understand the Usami brothers. He had a thought they shared some traits and similarities although their brotherhood was like the closeness of a cat and a dog.

Traces of the sun rays illuminated the contour of Haruhiko's face. His dark gray yukata perfectly clad his figure. In a short word, he was pretty 'good looking'.

Perhaps it was the traditional clothes that impressed Hiroki the most. And maybe it was the determination shone behind those glass-shielded orbs that made him look cool. Hiroki couldn't exactly tell. Haruhiko was only three or four years older than him, but he looked very mature.

"Don't get lost in twilight-dream, Kamijou," Haruhiko peeked down.

Hiroki was embarrassed. He just wished the guy didn't catch his stare. "No, I just contemplated."

"About what?" without averting his eyes, Haruhiko kept hammering the hinge.

"How can you do that? I