might be a carefree woman, but she concerned much when it came to her precious boys. Why did Gunter cry too? That thought crossed Celi's minds.

"Did Gwendal also kiss Gunter?" cautiously Celi voiced her thought. Oh my, what would I tell Lord von Christ and Lord von Kalbernikoff? Hopefully they wouldn't be mad.

What a perfect incident to start the day!

"Gunter's jealous," Conrad answered plainly as if it had been the most obvious matter in the world.

Now it's Celi's turn to gawk. Children nowadays were mature in no time. Amazing! Conrad even knew the word 'jealous'. Moreover, Gwendal already attained the courage to kiss a girl, she added bitterly.

"Where are they now?"

Conrad detached himself from Celi's hug. "C'mon Mother, I'll show you to them. They're in the back yard."

Celi was dragged. She trotted along with Conrad, who excitedly led the way.

There, Celi saw two little boys. One of them had a serious looking face, that was her oldest son. Gwendal stood and wore a scowl on his face. He crossed his arms in front of his chest.

Not far from him, a young boy with lavender hair and eyes was crouching. The boy was sobbing pitifully. He tried to wipe his tears but they kept rolling down. Staring down at him made Gwendal sulk.

"Stop crying, Gunter," the indigo eyed boy half commanded. He looked perplexed. "You're not a little kid anymore. Aren't you ashamed?"

"But..But.." Gunter's voice was muffled.

"I've told you it's fine."

Celi's heart sank. What was fine? She walked slowly towards the boys.

Geez, my sons grew up too fast.

"But you're mad at me," Gunter peeked through his fingers.

"I'm not."

"You're not?"

"Gunter!"

Gunter's sobs subsided. His small hands wiped away the remaining tears on his face. Even though his eyes were swollen and puffy, he still looked as adorable as an angel in heaven.

Gwendal exhaled heavily. He didn't frown again. Sometimes he thought that his fellow, Gunter von Christ, the cutest kid in the whole kingdom, was a cry baby. And this cry baby always tailed him everywhere and every time.

"See, Mother," Conrad exclaimed triumphantly. "Gwendal kissed Anissina. It made Gunter cry because he was jealous. It means that Gunter likes Anissina, right?"

Sharply, Gwendal turned his head to his half brother. He never glared his scary stare to Conrad, but today was the exception.

Despite of the thundering turmoil she endured due to her son's conduct, Celi couldn't help but chuckled. "Is that true, Gwen?"

"Conrad was just making up stories, Mother," Gwendal remarked heatedly. He was vexed, especially knowing that Conrad didn't seem frightened under his icy glare.

"But I saw you kiss her," Conrad argued stubbornly. "Then both of you fell to the ground. Then Anissina cried. Then Gunter started to cry too."

"That's not what exactly happened," Gwendal argued back.

"You're mean, Gwendal, " the brunette continued accusing his brother. "Mother said that forcing other kids is bad. And you made Anissina and Gunter cry. You're naughty."

Conrad might be his half sibling but Gwendal truly cared for him, even though his baby brother was annoying, was too curious of whatever the older boy doing, and tailed him just like Gunter did. But being addressed 'naughty' was his limit.

"Only a naughty boy tells lies to his mother. It's you," Gwendal's little face remained impassive but the tone of his voice conveyed his rage.

"I'm not," the younger boy curtly refuted. "I'm a good boy. I never make anyone cry."

"You're exaggerating it."

"Boys," Celi promptly interrupted. She bent down a little so that her eyes in the same level with the boys'. "What happened exactly?" her question stopped the bickering between the brothers.

"It's my fault," Gunter answered involuntarily. He already stood up, but his head hung in nervous fashion. "I pushed Gwendal till he tripped over Anissina. It made him kiss her. That's why she cried."

Celi ruffled Gunter's head soothingly. "And why did you cry too?"

Gunter's lips began to tremble. "I felt guilty. I'm sorry."

"There there, sweetie," Celi tried to appease the lilac boy.

"I didn't kiss her, Mother," Gwendal objected immediately. His stoic little face faltered. Panic crossed his facial expression. "Our cheeks brushed. That's all."

Celi was relieved. At least, his older son didn't do something indecent towards the other noble kids. Her beautiful visage broke into smile.

"And Gunter didn