Maybe having you will loosen him up a bit.”	Itachi swished his canned-coffee. “I guess I should leave you two. Don’t wanna be the third wheel.” He winked at Sasuke before left.	I couldn’t say anything smart. Suddenly I caught myself in an awkward situation. “Uhm, he’s joking, right? I just knew Itachi-san has sense of humor too.” I lamely created an excuse. Even when I laughed to cover it, I realized it sounded pathetic.	Sasuke jerked. I thought I saw disappointment in his eyes, but I was not sure. “My brother can be annoying sometimes,” he replied quietly. 	Not wanting to prolong the situation, I swiftly drank my tea, thanked him once more and excused myself. I called it night in the midst of many questions with no answers in my head.…	Hinata sent me a message which said she brought me meal. So that day I had a lunch with her. Since she was so kind by doing so, I bought her a box of milk. That girl was my favorite cousin. In fact, Hinata was close to being my sister. She was a good listener and kind.	I was taken aback when her friends joined us in our spot beneath a shady tree. 	“What a day! I’ve got detention too,” Naruto grumbled with his mouth full of rice. That blond boy complained about the unfairness he received. He thought that being loud in class was tolerable and normal, but his teachers thought otherwise. I kind of knew he was attention-seeker and loud, and I personally deemed that he indeed disturbed the teaching and learning process. 	“I think you should calm down a bit,” I subtly suggested. “Some students really need to study peacefully and significantly keen of getting knowledge.”	Naruto pouted unceremoniously. “You’re absolutely no fun, Neji,” he protested.	I glared. “I told you the truth!” 	“Hn! I agree with you,” Sasuke voiced his agreement.	Naruto’e eyes bulged, showing that the blue-eyed-boy was incredibly irritated. He chose my cousin as the ‘dustbin’ to pour down his heart content. I just shrugged.	“You have dark bags under your eyes,” Sasuke smoothly glanced at me.	“Eh?” I sat closer to him than to the other two. Moreover, with Naruto whined excitedly, his voice practically drowned my conversation with Sasuke. The tan boy didn’t even notice that. “Yeah, I guess so. Must study. I often stay up late for the past…I don’t know.” I gave a small smile. “Can’t remember nor count the days. My mother even says I’ve got thinner.”	“You’re gaunt,” Sasuke tersely cut in. His eyes suddenly made me want to make sure I looked decent. It was as if he scrutinized me from skin till my bones. I just hoped I didn’t appear too skinny, my long hair wasn’t greasy and my complexion wasn’t too pale. I was flabbergasted as I came to realize that I internally made a fuss about how I looked. Something that only happened this time, that someone’s opinion truly mattered to me about my appearance. “Here.” He gave me his tempura from his lunch box.	My eyes widened. I was rendered speechless. Hinata already brought me food that could last me till supper. When I intended to refuse, it was too late. Half of his tempura was all over the rice. “You-you don’t need to,” I said lowly. 	Sasuke only shook his head. “You need to eat a lot.”	Strangely, I got a feeling of a husband whose wife was serving him attentively and affectionately. I thought finally I had been out of my mind. It terrified me. I felt uneasy.	“I think you should stop pushing yourself too hard, Neji. Even people have their edge,” he wisely advised. 	I opened my mouth, wanted to object, but then I grasped his subtle concern. It baffled me, but I couldn’t shake a feeling that he cared about me, in his own way. My head was spinning, due to the feelings and realization. 	“Thanks for your concern,” I gratefully said. Somehow, no matter how hurt my head was pounding, I   was aware there was a warm feeling in me because of him. I was aware something filled me and lifted some of my burden. “Uhm, do you want some milk?” I offered my untouched box of milk.	Sasuke refused. “You need it more,” he firmly said.	After that we had some light conversation. Surprisingly Sasuke participated in it. I often heard that that boy, who was a year younger than me, was very quiet and rarely talked to others unless there was really urgent affair. I thought they were wrong. For me, he looked as normal and ordinary as others who liked to chat and smiled. 	Every time we met, he always greeted me. Sometimes he gave me his rare smiles.