put his paw over his head, trying to drown out the voice. He knew his shortcomings. He put everyone around him in danger —

“Stop it! Stop thinking that! I’ve always been so proud of you, as my friend, as my —” The voice cut off abruptly, only to resume a moment later. “I’m so, so sorry, Sirius, but you need to change back. The guards are coming. You need to be human, so they don’t find out you’re an animagus.”

Sirius braced himself as best he could for the pain of his human form, but there was no way to truly be prepared for the cold — or for the dementors. He screamed, losing consciousness as grief and guilt overwhelmed him.

 

~~~~

 

He didn’t know how long he’d been in prison. Forever, maybe? Had he ever not been in Azkaban? Time didn’t exist in his unrelenting grey existence.

“Sirius?”

The voice was back. He ignored it. He wasn’t sure if it had ever really been there, or if it had somehow been his imagination. He’d followed its imagined prompting, time and again, changing between his human and Grim forms. Now he was tired, too tired to do more than lay on the pallet in his cell. Too tired to dream that James still loved him.

“Lily! I can’t reach Sirius. He’s not listening to me anymore.”

Sirius froze. Lily was there too? Grief and guilt rolled over him like the tide, stealing his breath. She had to hate him.

“Oh, Sirius. You silly man. I don't hate you. Listen to us. Listen to James.”

He tried to obey, to pull free, but he was drowning in a sea of misery that relentlessly pulled him under. The only things he could hear were the cries of his fellow prisoners. His screams and howls joined theirs.

 

~~~~

 

Sometimes he heard Lily singing, like she had to Harry, and he thought his heart would stop with the force of his grief. Then soft lips would press against his forehead, their warmth searing against his freezing skin.

“I’m sorry, Sirius. Shush now, darling, and sleep.”

 

~~~~

 

He turned into a Grim in his rare moments of sanity. Although, how sane could he really be, when that was when he thought he heard James or Lily?

 

~~~~

 

“Sirius? Sirius, look!”

He rolled over, pulling the blanket over his head. “Go ‘way, James. I don’t want to get up for class. Tell McGonagall I’m sick.”

“Oh, for Merlin’s sake. Sirius! Wake  up,  you idiot! This is important.”

Sirius groaned. There was no denying Lily anything when she was in that mood. He opened his eyes to the dark grey that had coloured his world for longer than he could remember, and braced himself for the grief and guilt that came with being awake in Azkaban. He wished that he could go back to his dream, where James and Lily were talking to him.

“Pay attention, Sirius. There are guards coming. You need to see the article in the  Daily Prophet.” 

“James?” How was he hearing James’ voice? More importantly — “I think I… I’m  sane, James.  How?” 

“We’re helping you. Lils and me, I mean. It can’t last, but now is the time. You need this information, Sirius.”

“Oh, Merlin’s Beard, James,” Sirius whispered, trying to swallow back tears through a throat gone tight with grief. “You and Lily are  dead.” 

“As we’ve been for the last twelve years, Sirius.” Lily’s voice snapped in his ear. “There’s no time for this.”

Footsteps echoed down the hallway mixing with the moans and cries from the other prisoners. The two guards paused every now and then in front of a cell, and jeered at whichever poor wretch was imprisoned within.

“Those arseholes.”

 “Lily!”  James’ voice sounded shocked.

Sirius didn’t blame him. He couldn’t imagine Lily Evans Potter ever saying something so coarse. But he had to concentrate, the two guards were coming closer. He pressed against the bars of his cell. He didn’t recognize the two, but they were familiar. He shuddered. Of course. He hadn’t been quite sane when he’d seen them before.

The two were near clones of each other, with narrow faces and dark hair, wearing faded, patched robes. Sirius’ nose twitched. They wore the remains of their last meal — or possibly meals — on their robes, too. The names  Argus  and  Teg  floated up from his memory. From Hogwarts? Maybe. One of them — Teg? — had a copy of the  Daily Prophet  tucked in a robe pocket.

“Did you see the game last night, Argus? The Catapults’ seeker practically strolled his way to the