"Are you all right?"



"Fine! I'm fine," said Neville hastily. "Fine. Yeah."



Harry raised an eyebrow. "Are you sure? Sickle for your thoughts."



"Not worth it," Neville said automatically. Harry looked at him sceptically, and Neville 
smiled, hoping Harry would just drop it. So humiliating. So embarrassing. So tempting, 
he thought, looking at Harry's mouth, all open and pink and moving -- wait. What's he 
saying? Bugger.



"Sorry, Harry?" he said. "Er, lost in thought for a minute there."



"C'mere, I said," repeated Harry. "You look cold, and I don't want to go back to sleep just 
yet." A shadow crept over Harry's face, and Neville assented quickly, not wanting Harry 
to remember his nightmare. 



Neville slid between the sheets hastily, but stayed as close to the edge as possible. 
Hopefully Harry wouldn't notice -- it's a perfectly natural physical phenomenon, he told 
himself. Perfectly normal. But he still didn't want Harry to notice the tent in his pyjama 
trousers.



"There's plenty of space," said Harry.



"Oh, I'm fine," said Neville. "Er, looking forward to classes?"



Harry snorted. "Still can't believe I got into NEWT Potions. McGonagall must've pulled 
strings with -- I don't want to talk about Snape," Harry said, interrupting himself.



"Well, did you have a good summer?" asked Neville, persisting.



"No," said Harry flatly. "Dursleys," he added, as if that explained it all.



Considering what Neville had heard about Harry's relatives, Neville rather supposed it 
did explain a lot about Harry's summer.



Discouraged, Neville couldn't think of anything else innocuous to talk about. He just 
looked at Harry, angling his body uncomfortably away.



Harry looked at Neville for a long minute and did something quite disconcerting. 
Completely unexpectedly, Harry slid over from his seat on the bed and leaned forward to 
awkwardly press his mouth to Neville's.



Pleased but startled, Neville leaned forward shyly into the kiss. Harry's lips were warm 
against his and he could feel Harry's breath. Neville tentatively moved his lips across 
Harry's and Harry responded in kind. Without even realising it, Neville brought a hand up 
to Harry's cheek, pulling him closer. 



The action served to part Harry's lips slightly, and Neville instinctively deepened the kiss. 
He felt more than heard Harry's gasp when their tongues met and parted, testing and 
tasting each other's mouths, exploring the depths of the kiss with growing heat. 



Neville was panting by the time their mouths parted, breathing harshly. Harry wasn't 
doing much better, Neville was satisfied to see. 



Harry blinked at him for a moment. "How -- Where did you learn how to kiss like that, 
Neville?" he asked breathlessly.



"Oh," said Neville dismissively, "around." He let his hand fall from Harry's cheek.



Harry's eyes sparkled at Neville as if Harry knew that what Neville meant by "around" 
was that he had practised kissing on his hand and into his pillow. Neville wasn't about to 
admit it, though.  "How about you? Who've you been kissing?" he said defensively, to 
turn the subject away from himself.



"Just Cho," Harry admitted. "But I really don't want to -- that kind of ruins the mood I 
was trying to have going here, you know," he added, attempting to look suave and not 
quite making it.



In spite of himself, Neville laughed. Harry looked hurt. Neville curled a hand around the 
nape of Harry's neck, threading his fingers through the unruly dark hair, and pulled him 
close, pressing their lips back together. 



Harry swayed slightly at the unexpected movement and leaned forward to keep his 
balance, bringing his upper body flush against Neville's. This move, in turn, unbalanced 
Neville, still precariously perched on the edge of  the bed, and he brought his other hand 
up to grab Harry's shoulder. 



The two of them teetered precariously for a moment until Neville fell heavily forward, 
pushing Harry onto his back on the bed and falling with him, unwilling to let go.



Neville felt far more off balance feeling the length of Harry's body pressed against him 
than he had when they were about to fall over. Neville's hips dipped of their own accord 
and he shuddered. 



Harry moaned and thrust back. Neville broke the kiss, gasping. "Merlin!"



"Harry," said Harry. Neville looked at him, confused. Harry grinned. "Harry, not Merlin. 
Don't you even know who you're snogging?"



Neville rolled his eyes and pulled Harry's lips back to his to shut him up. He flailed 
around behind him with his left hand until he caught the edge of the bed hangings. He 
fumbled them closed behind him;