over the top of the blanket as it slid down. "Then why are you not at the Manor, with Lucky?"

"Because it's your bottle." Roddy took a moment to stretch out on the bed, lying on his side, a little closer than Severus particularly liked him to be. "Look, I know seventy-eight wasn't your best year, but some of it must have stayed with you. You buried that bottle of amontillado--"

"-- and told you to drink it for me when He killed me." The inflection was still there, even after so long.

"Unless you're sitting on another stunning prophecy, that's not going to happen. Figured it was time to bring it up again." The bottle appeared in Roddy's hand from places unknown and likely best unconsidered, and he smacked it into the tiny gap between them, shedding some of the dirt that still clung to the bottle.

Severus stared at the bottle. "Rodolphus." The name hung between them like a warning sign. "In my bed? I have slept on your 'good Irish earth', but never in my bed, and until this moment, I never realised how much I had hoped to maintain that state of affairs."

He paused, eyes drifting up to Roddy's. "You're already drunk, aren't you." It's not a question. It never is, with them.

"I'm not!" Roddy actually manages outrage, for a split second. "I dug it up last night. I was drunk, then. It just didn't seem right that I'd started without you, so I waited another night."

Severus shrugged out from under the blanket and put his hand over Roddy's on the bottle. "War's over, Roddy."

It was a conversation they'd had before. So many times that Severus knew there were only two sentences that could come next. 'Not for me,' or 'He's still in my head'.

Roddy surprised him, this time. "I know. That's why I'm here."

"You dug it up so we could bury this." He understood, suddenly.

"I did. We'll pour it down us and piss away the war, and tomorrow? Take tomorrow. It's a Saturday. We'll go see Lucky, yeah? And we'll be alive." It's the most honest thing Severus has heard out of a sober Roddy in more years than he wants to think about.

"So, you've decided you want to live?"

"I sure as shit don't want to die. And I'm fuck-tired of just surviving, Sev. The lights are all gone out. I can't keep this up." Roddy looked back at the bottle. It wasn't the sort of thing a man could say looking someone in the eye.

"Open the bottle."

"Wha--"

"Look, I've not got pants on, so I'm not getting out of this bed. So, just open the  bottle. I'm not drunk enough for this. And I'm not nearly drunk enough to go get pants with your lecherous eye on me." The words just spilled out in what was, perhaps, the least-thought-out torrent of verbiage that had come from him in the last twenty-five years, and the accent was one neither had heard out of him since he was maybe thirteen.

Roddy stared for a long moment. And then he blinked. And then he stared. "You're in bed with no pants on, and I'm going to get you drunk." The corner of his mouth twisted up, devilishly smug. "I'll need a lot more than a bottle of amontillado, but there's nothing wrong with starting easy."

Severus laughed, pressing the heel of his palm between his eyes. "If you get me drunk enough that I am still conscious, and I don't tell you no, I will count that as a fair win."

"After twenty-odd years, that's about as likely as me sticking my cock in a unicorn, and we both know it. Doesn't mean I'm not going to try."

"I'm not a virgin. You can't use me to summon a unicorn."

Their eyes locked, neither of them speaking, lips thinning with the strain of staying closed, until they both dissolved into mad cackles.

"Where's your corkscrew?" Roddy panted, after a stretch.

"You came here to get me drunk on a bottle of sherry, and you didn't bring a corkscrew?"

"I was sober at the time!" For Roddy, that tended to mean he wasn't quite in control of his faculties.

"How long?" Severus asked, taking the bottle out of his friend's hand. Roddy's drinking had gotten a good deal more consistent, after Azkaban.

"How many years have