thighs and under his dress to Draco’s cock, and let Draco feel how much he’s affecting Harry since Harry’s been remiss in showing that to Draco. 

Draco thinks Harry doesn’t want him? Nothing could be further from the truth. 

“What do you think?” Draco suddenly asks. “Do you think the wizard will try to pick us up?”


With you looking like that? He’ll probably pass out. Like I’m about to.


“Harry?”

Draco sounds confused and a touch impatient, but Harry can’t speak. He’s trying but nothing’s coming out. Finally, he manages to say, “Draco… Fuck, Draco…”

He stands up on weak legs and he steps closer to Draco, vaguely realizing that Draco’s looking slightly flustered, but Harry supposes that being looked at like Harry’s looking at him, intense and fixated and heated, considering the state of their relationship, would do that. 

“Harry, what are you doing?” 

“I want you,” is all Harry says. “God, I want you. You have no idea.”

That draws Draco up short. “You do? Like this?”

Harry groans and reaches out toward him. “Yes. So much. Please, Draco.”

Harry doesn’t care that he’s begging. Seeing Draco dressed like this snapped something inside him. He’s still nervous about having sex with Draco, but now the prospect doesn’t seem as nerve-wracking as it did before – what’s more upsetting is not having Draco. All he knows is that he wants Draco. Suddenly, his inexperience doesn’t matter as much as it did and his desire fills him with confidence. He can figure it out. They can figure it out together.

Draco just stares at him like he can’t quite figure Harry’s intentions, hesitant and maybe even hurt of all things, and just when Harry’s about to beg again so Harry can make him happy and make him feel good like Harry’s wanted to do for months and take that hurt away, Draco says, “I want you too, Harry.”

The quiet words snap the last of Harry’s control. “Thank god,” he says, immediately pulling Draco into his arms and burying his face in Draco’s neck, breathing him in and just reveling in the feel of Draco’s hard body against his own. It’s both wonderfully familiar and deliciously foreign. “Mmm, you smell so good, Draco. Feel so good,” Harry says, running his hands all over Draco’s body, over skin and cloth, wherever he can reach.

Draco’s arms come around his shoulders and he holds on tight, almost enough to hurt. “Harry,” he says. “Harry.”

“Yes, love,” Harry answers as he kisses up Draco’s neck to his jawline. “Yes. I want to make you feel good, so good. And I’ll try, Draco, I promise I’ll try.”

Reaching down, Harry hooks his forearms under Draco’s thighs, stroking for a few moments and then pulling up. Draco understands what he wants, and he lets Harry pick him up, locking his legs around Harry’s waist. Harry holds him close, one hand securely around Draco’s back and the other on his arse, and then they’re finally kissing, frantic and desperate and sloppy, unlike any kiss they’ve shared, but just as good. 

Right now, it’s better than Harry can remember anything else being, and he wants more, more, more. Everything seems far away: the case, their last conversation, Harry’s worries; Harry’s only aware of Draco, the feel and taste of him and the desire to give him pleasure.

Harry groans in disappointment when Draco rips his lips away, but he whispers, “Fuck me,” across Harry’s lips, and then Harry’s groaning for an entirely different reason, feeling as if his legs are going to give away. 

“Yes,” he answers, taking Draco’s mouth again, kissing him so deeply that Harry’s hopes that it touches Draco’s heart, and he walks them down the hall to Draco’s bedroom.

They won’t be leaving tonight. He thinks his reaction is enough to be sure of the effectiveness of Draco’s cross-dressing. They don’t need to go anywhere except to bed.

**

When Harry wakes up, unsure of what woke him, it’s dark and Draco’s curled up next to him. 

Looking down at Draco, his lips slightly parted and his hair fanned out on the pillows, Harry’s heart swells. He reaches out to tenderly sweep the hair off Draco’s forehead and he smiles at the face Draco makes in his sleep at feeling Harry’s fingers. 

If Harry wasn’t sure about his feelings before, he definitely is now. There’s no denying that Harry’s in love.