then enraged him and now, fifteen years later, perplexed him again. But one thing he had decided was that being Gryffindor had everything to do with what drove his enemies. He had been hated and despised before he had ever come to Hogwarts; he was not a stranger to receiving those emotions, but The Marauders - the stupid name they called themselves caught like a bone in his throat - had hated and despised him with a breathtaking, irrational unfairness. The breadth and depth of their hatred was like a fanged beast, there was no escape from it, and though he had never expected to be rescued, he wondered now, as an adult, if he might have been. The rabid bite of their loathing had infected him until he too frothed and foamed and raged.

He had accepted that he was a wounded creature. Dumbledore would say he defined himself by his scars. Was this true? The older he grew, the more he was called to chase the worm of doubt through the black hole of his heart and he wondered if it was courage he lacked, the courage to let it go.

He swallowed it all back down, closed his eyes for a brief second and breathed deeply. So often he felt as though insights like these washed up onto the shore of his consciousness, bereft of life, but shocking in the clarity of their beauty and utilitarian structure. He collected these shells with the shaking hand of a victorious beachcomber, holding them up, in turn to his ear, listening, listening, listening.

He stood quickly, almost violently, pushing the chair with the backs of his legs, standing away from the table. He smoothed down his robes, turned, and disappeared through the staff room door. He wanted to hear something of the Norn Witch.

~***~

He had skipped lunch in the Great Hall; the house elves had left him a meat pie on the desk in his office, and he ate it without thought while grading assignments. Now he was back in the classroom and the fourth year Slytherin/Gryffindor students were filtering in, with the agonizingly slow stroll of teenagers. He felt his hands clench into fists inside the sleeves of his robe. The long, sleepless night before was clinging thickly to him.

“I trust that this languishment comes from a particularly heavy noontime meal today? I must speak with the House Elves and request that we return to the tried and true bowl of hot broth and slice of stale bread.” Snape stood formidably at the front of the classroom, looking at each student in turn. He nodded as the last one scurried into place.

One of the Gryffindor girls towards the back raised her hand, boldly, he thought. He looked at her severely. “Miss Emory, is this in regards to today’s lesson, which, I might add, is already written out behind me?” She shook her head. “Then I suggest that you and your classmates narrow your attentions to the lesson at hand. Immediately.”

“Professor Snape, it’s not about potions but I just saw a veiled witch crossing the green.” A hushed murmur rose from the students.

Snape threw the girl a look of criticism and the students quieted; he walked down between the tables. “And this affected your sense of propriety to such a degree that you felt it necessary to interrupt my class with your thus far pointless observation? Forgive me if I state the obvious, Miss Emory, this is not Professor Trelawney’s classroom. You may not blurt out every random thought that flits through your heads in my classroom.”

A Slytherin boy snorted.

The girl blushed deeply and he watched her eyes grow wide. “I’m sorry, sir, I just, it was just that I, I have never seen a veiled witch with my own eyes before. I didn’t know…I mean, that you wouldn’t care.” She looked up at him, bold indeed, he admired her silently. “I thought it was something special.”

The air thinned between them, the girl’s nostrils flaring. Snape spoke softly, “It is, to use your own poetic vernacular, something special, Miss Emory.” He sighed and turned to the rest of the students. “On the contrary, I do, indeed care very much, however, I do not appreciate your using valuable class time to inform me of matters of which I am already quite well aware. Best to indulge your feelings of, giddiness, in the hallways or one’s common room.”

From behind him two Slytherin students snickered.

She nodded and whispered, “Yes, sir.”

He walked quickly to the front of the room and turned with a flourish of robes. He gestured at the blackboard behind him. “This is today’s assignment. You may thank Miss Emory and her fascinating report for losing you a very valuable four minutes of work time.”

He sat heavily in the chair behind his desk. So Katla Freyan had arrived.

~***~

He watched her enter the Great Hall and make her way through the seated, staring students towards the staff table. He could not control the beating of his heart; it was