s in-laws, thought Roger. 



- 



When Pansy was ten, she spent the summer at Malfoy Manor. She spent hours in the gardens, running herself senseless among the topiaries. She carried a guide stone through hedge maze, and never got lost. She did not really see much of Draco, or the young master, as the house elves called him. Pansy knew she would be beginning school with him in the fall. Her mother told her that they would be in the same house. Pansy was particularly fascinated with the idea of Slytherin. She liked snakes, and sometimes she found them in the gardens and let them wrap around her forearms and her ankles like misplaced garters. 



Lucius watched her at play from one of the Manor's many stoned balconies. Draco often sat at his side. They drank iced lemonade, and even though it was a Muggle drink, Lucius said it was an affluent one that should always be taken in the summer. 



"Don't you think she's sort of silly, father?" Draco said to him, one warm day late in July. 



Lucius found Pansy silly in the way that all young girls are silly. She was a fleshy thing with rounded arms and legs, and a subtle nymphet grace. Her face was not exactly beautiful, but sharp and alert; interested. She still wore pink, filly dresses, and they made her look like a packaged gift. Her hair fell in long curls down her back, and although she was a blonde, her eyes were dark and mischievous. Lucius found her silly, but far too alluring for a child of her years. 



"She will make a good wife for you, Draco," Lucius answered him and took a sip of his lemonade to wet his mouth. "Look at how she plays. She is intent and bright, not foolish like some children." 



"Am I foolish?" 



"Malfoys are never foolish." 



"Is Pansy a Malfoy?" Draco asked. 



"Yes," Lucius answered after a moment's thought. "Our blood is on her mother's side, so think of how pure your children will be." 



Draco considered this, and looked out over the grounds of his estate. Below him, Pansy sat on a stone bench and played high notes on the porcelain whistle Lucius had given her at her arrival weeks ago. The air was hot and his pants were sticking to the insides of his thighs. He found it hard to concentrate when he was with his father on the balcony. They sat here nearly every day, and Draco always felt uncomfortable and constrained. 



"I should like to have a wife someday," he said finally. 



Lucius smiled at his son. "I'm very pleased to hear you say so, Draco." 



-  



Pansy grew taller, but she stayed rounded and girlish. She still wore pink. Draco found her no more beautiful than he did when they were children, but now it did not matter. 



"Come with me to the gardens, will you?" Pansy asked him crossly from the doorway to the boy's dormitory. 



"Don't you ever get sick of the bloody gardens?" Draco shot back. 



"No, I shan't ever get sick of the gardens. They're lovely and it's almost first frost. So come, before curfew." 



Draco rolled his eyes and pulled his fall jumper off a peg by the door with his name above it. All of the Slytherin boys had a place to hang their outer garments on the wall, but Draco's was closest to the door. Being a Malfoy gave one tiny conveniences like that. It sometimes bothered him that Pansy would receive all of the pleasantries that he did when they were married, but he got over it quickly, moving on to more interesting quibbles, like quidditch or schoolwork, or Potter.



Pansy offered a gloved hand to him and they went out to the Hogwarts gardens. 



- 



Seventh years had more free time than was really necessary. They had fewer classes to take than all of the other years, and they often pursued research projects of their own while preparing for their NEWTS in the spring. Draco was working on a pre-potions major, Pansy was dallying in herbology--thus her obsession with the flora of Hogwarts.



They took to the gardens just after nightfall and Pansy pointed out different flowers that only bloomed in fall and Draco looked on feeling less than interested. It was, he knew, going to be a marriage of convenience. They would have children, further the Malfoy line, Pansy would retreat to the gardens of the Manor, and Draco would be left with his aging mother to tend for and a dungeon full of potions. It would be adequate, but it would not be exemplary. Pureblood marriages were like that. He had not expected much more for himself. 



Pansy stopped speaking and Draco looked at her with bored, pale eyes. 



"Is this the part where I kiss you?" He drawled the question. 



"I think so," Pansy said, and she offered her lips to him. 



He touched her hair with a gloved hand and felt the thick curls like strange