dilemma, he has wanted nothing more than this moment and now it is his moment and the power of it is intoxicating him.

I gather into my core, call all the power that has been my life into the whirlwind of my self and I stand in the eye of this formidableness. For this, perhaps, I was born. For this I will die.

I see his caution, watch his eyes narrow. He wants to strike me with his fists. He will not use magic to destroy me. He now understands that his darkling skill is not enough. Not enough.

He flies at me, a broken piece of my wand in each fist, he drives the pieces deep into my body and then they are all upon me. Unloosed by the release of my blood. None dare to touch me with their hands; none dare to raise a wand against me. Instead I feel a boot in my back and I am down.

In this ruination comes their undoing. The three are there. The curses cast. The moment stretches into forever.

~***~

Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic, rose briskly to his feet. He was shaken to his core at the sight of Snape’s injured face, his starvation, but more than that his nobility. This was not what he had been told to expect. He wanted to look around the Wizengamot and single out the wizards and witches who had insisted upon this trial. He wanted to remove himself and go back to his office upstairs. He wanted Severus Snape out of his presence, back in Azkaban, permanently ensconced in the stasis of imprisonment.

Nothing was as it should be anymore. Albus dead, Voldemort dead, the war over. And yet there were still no answers. No happy ever after. In his darkest moments he wondered if he looked as big a fool as he felt. The feeling of foolishness seemed to engulf him in a sticky constriction. He could not break free of it. But he wore his official face regardless and he stood and pondered the situation for a moment, letting his features harden, before clearing his throat.

“Assassīnus and trāditiō trial of Severus Snape on this, the twenty-eighth of September. Judiciary hearing into offenses of political treason and assassination leading to the betrayal and murder of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore on August twelfth.” The court clerk took notes, head down, studiously. “Interrogators: Cornelius Oswald Fudge, Minister of Magic, Amelia Susan Bones, Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Percy Ignatius Weasley, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister.” Fudge looked over to where Arthur Weasley sat with his youngest son, Potter and Granger, and nodded.

Arthur stood and opened his mouth to speak, but Harry rose beside him and interrupted, a hand on Arthur’s shoulder and a hand on Hermione’s shoulder, “Witnesses for the defense, Harry Potter, Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Hermione Granger, Arithmancy Professor Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.”

Fudge narrowed his eyes in dangerous contemplation. He looked from Harry to Hermione and then with a quick flash of white, he looked at Snape from the corners of his eyes. He turned his profile away from the seated witches and wizards and glowered out from under his still lowered brows. He reached for the lone parchment on the table in front of him, picked it up and read aloud.

“The charges against the accused are as follows: That he being a Death Eater for twenty-five years, acted under the direct order and compulsion of Voldemort and accosted his employer and benefactor, Albus Dumbledore on the night of August 11th. He kidnapped the victim, overcame him with the use of physical torture and presented his wand to Voldemort to gain favor. He then brought the victim to Voldemort where he participated in the killing of said victim.”

Severus stared at Fudge throughout this accusation. His mouth set in a fine and firm line. His eyes betraying nothing.

“How plead you to these charges, Severus Snape?” Fudge sneered.

Snape shook his head.

Fudge sat down a bit too heavily and propped both elbows on the table in front of him, drumming his fingertips against one another and looked at the man before him. “Did you kill Albus Dumbledore?”

Snape shook his head again.

“Did you deliver Albus Dumbledore to Lord Voldemort?”

“Yes.”

The courtroom gasped collectively. Fudge smiled.

“When you delivered Dumbledore to Voldemort, where you acting upon a command from your Dark Lord?”

Snape shook his head.

“Were you a Death Eater, Snape?”

“I was.”

“And were you acting as a Death Eater when you kidnapped and tortured Albus Dumbledore?”

Snape shook his head.

Susan Bones leaned forward, “This court tires of your refusal to speak, Snape. For seven weeks we have waited for your testimony. We can sentence you based upon our own conclusions and eyewitness accounts. And we may be prepared to do this.”

Harry leapt to his feet, “Eyewitness accounts? What eyewitness accounts?”

Silence descended upon the room. The skin of Fudge’s face mottled into angry red blotches and his hands scrabbled over the