you want to keep as company?" Hermione asks him when it's finally his turn, and Harry doesn't miss a beat, doesn't even spare a glance at his other options in the game's circle before he wraps an arm around Draco's shoulders.

#20 - Love

Draco didn't like love and love didn't like Draco; he would either be treated like crap or the whole attraction seemed one-sided. But then, that was before brunettes with bottomless green eyes and round glasses and ridiculous lightning scars. That was before everything became smiles and laughter and the lonely ache in his chest was banished for another kind of ache entirely - yes, it sounded cliché, but there just wasn't any love before Harry.

#21 - Hero

"It's not denial, 'Mione. I'm just rather selective about the realities I acce-"

Hermione scoffs at the obvious lie, cutting Harry off as she continues to shove him towards the blonde slumped pathetically over an empty table. "Just go over there, you've been ogling at him all day! Really, Harry, don't disprove my 'hero complex' theory - because you will be if you can't even bring yourself to save Draco from utter boredom."

#22 - Friend

And then it hit him; it hit Ron like a sack of bricks that had been tossed out of a truck going sixty, square in the face - and bloody hell is it a shock, even if he could honestly say he had seen it coming for a while now: Harry liked Malfoy.

#23 - Forget

They break apart much too soon and Draco remembers that he'd been wanting to yell at Harry, but now he finds himself entirely unsure as to what for - which doesn't matter, in the end, because Harry apparates sneakily away before he can get his thoughts sorted, let alone make a fool of himself by pulling the brunette closer with a 'don't let go, I want another hug' that sounds way too needy for his liking. "Stupid Potter... stupid hugs. Damn it all to hell!"

#24 - Holiday

As if Christmas isn't enough, Draco's being dragged to the Burrow for New Years Eve; there're fireworks and cheesy wishes, and so many people, but standing next to Harry, his fingers intertwined with the boy he used to swear he hated, Draco can almost forget that this is not really where he belongs and that these people don't really enjoy his company.

#25 - Carmex

"Are your lips... bleeding?" Harry's not going to stop and wonder why he was looking at Draco's mouth in the first place, so he only hands over some chapstick, ignoring the blonde's glare and trying to shake off said boy's less than helpful reminder.

"But- Potter, you do realize that that would be like indirectly kissing you, correct?"

#26 - Dead

Whatever they had between them, be it love or hate or an intense mix of both, it was dead and gone now - there was nothing left to save, no point to anything if one was here and the other sent into oblivion.

#26 - Hang

Barring his years with the Durselys, Harry'd always had a lot of friends, people to lean on that Draco claims he's never quite needed himself. Harry hopes he's lying about that, because he wants Draco to need him.

#27 - Again

From the first time it happens, Harry knows he won't ever tire of hearing that genuine laughter, which starts so quietly but grows in volume the longer he tries to convince Draco to dance with him. "I don't know whether to stop you from twirling me again, or just shut up and enjoy whatever you've got up your sleeve tonight, Potter."

#28 - Fake

"Take me home. I'd rather die than be with you."

Draco's arms are crossed over his chest like one massive barrier between them that Harry wants to punch and punch and punch at until his knuckles bleed waterfalls of success; there's this incessant need to trick himself into believing that it's all fake and not happening and- "HARRY JAMES POTTER! I said wake up!"- and he's up in seconds, lunging at the boy sitting beside him with open arms before the scream tears itself out of his throat.

#29 - Drown

"Thank you," Draco mumbles as he uses the grip on their joined hands to sweep the brunette up off his feet, and then Harry's drowning in a warm embrace and breathing in so many familiar smells. He doesn't know what he's done to provoke this but won't dare interrupt to ask; hugs with Draco only last so long and he's definitely missed this.

#30 - Sleepwalk

He's gotta say, Harry Potter making pancakes at two in the morning isn't what he's expecting when he manages to roll out of bed after several clatters and bangs - the