always easy to bemuse. "...Have you been looking at my arse? I know it's an exceptional arse, but Potter, if you have, you need to stop."

Potter doesn't seem to know what to say to that and Draco mentally logs another win. Nothing is more amusing to Draco than a confused Potter.

"Are you sure you're okay?" Potter eventually asks. "You're acting more absurd than usual."

"I'm fine." Draco wriggles around, trying to get comfortable. The bed is horrible: lumpy, tiny, and Potter-fied. "Ugh. I need more room."

"More room? Malfoy-,"

Draco ignores him and interrupts. "Shove over," he says, sitting up and pushing at Potter's chest.

"Hey!" Potter protests, batting Draco's hands away. "Watch it! I'm already on the edge, Malfoy. If I shove over anymore, I'll fall on the floor."

"Really?" Draco's face lights up. "Perfect," he says, and he pushes at Potter again.

Draco catches him off guard, and Potter tumbles off the bed and onto the floor. Unfortunately for Draco, Potter's arms shoot out and grab him, sending Draco crashing down with him.

Potter lands on his back, and even though it's only a couple feet, Draco's sure it hurt, especially since Draco's sprawled over Potter's chest. Heat rushes to Draco's face from being pressed against Potter's unfortunately attractive body.

Draco pushes himself up to sit on Potter's stomach, his hands resting on Potter's chest. His fingers itch to feel up the muscles he can feel through Potter's jumper.

Potter's staring up at him, silent, and it's unnerving, yet oddly familiar. Draco's caught Potter staring at him with a considering expression on his face several times in the past few weeks, and right now, he's wearing the same expression. The gleam in his eyes makes Draco's heart race in a way that's not entirely unpleasant.

Draco clears his throat in an effort to regain his composure. "Nice going, Potter," he says. "You must really be going for the gold today."

Potter doesn't say anything, just continues to stare at Draco. More heat fills Draco's cheeks. He tells himself he doesn’t like it, being the recipient of that intense stare, but he really does because it's Potter, and that is annoying in and of itself - why has Potter always had the ability to command Draco's attention? It's not right!

Even more annoying is that when Potter looks at him like this, Draco would swear he wants to kiss him, and that notion always leaves Draco in a jumbled mess the rest of the day.

Draco moves to get up, but Potter's arms go around him, one behind his back and the other cupping his head, and he can't move.

Draco's amazed at Potter's audacity. "Unhand me, Potter, right now, or else I'll really make sure you have a nice, long stay at St. Mungo's." If he doesn't, Draco won't be able to stop himself from kissing him, and that could be a very bad decision.

Potter, the ever-infuriating bastard, ignores him. "You know, Draco," he says softly (and Draco can't hold back the silent gasp at the use of his first name – it sounds practically indecent the way Potter says it, like something sinful and alluring), "you're really pretty when you blush."

With that one sentence, Potter shocks him into silence. He doesn't know what to feel: pleased that Potter finds him attractive, or angry that the only adjective Potter can come up with is 'pretty.'

Still very aware of their current position, the fingers currently stroking over the nape of his neck, and the warmth radiating from Potter, Draco lets the anger win out. "You have some blasted nerve."

Potter narrows his eyes. "You're nothing but nerve," he counters. "I should have done this months ago."

Draco's suddenly aware that something's different: Potter's not backing down. He's challenging Draco right now to acknowledge the tension between them, to finally do something about it instead of pretending there's nothing between them, and Draco's not sure he's ready for that.

He goes on the defensive. "Done what? Groped me like some animal?"

"Oh, please, Malfoy," Potter says. "Spare me the theatrics. I know you well enough by now to know you don't really have an objection to being on top of me."

This is really bad; Potter's a stubborn arse, and he's not going to let this go. It's inevitable; something has to give, and it'll