the wall behind them, grinding his ass against Roddy's crotch. "And when you're done spooking Sev, I'll be more than happy to make you scream. Just the way you like it."

"If I'm going to ask Severus," Roddy warned, biting at the curve of Lucius's ear, "I'll get it from him. Get your camera. I'll give you photos to remember, I will."

"What's with you, Sev? I never was as good as your little Gryffindor girlfriend, was I? No cheap redhaired cumslut, for you, eh? Gotta have the real thing?" Roddy was tired of being put off, again and again. He drew his wand, stepping into Severus, and pressed the point under the younger man's chin. "Two ways we can do this. You give me what I want, or I give you the Imperius, and then you give me what I want."

Severus's confusion slipped into an undignified smirk. "Are you fucking serious, Roddy? I want you to stop and think on that for a moment. You are going to try to cast the Imperius on me. I'd be more afraid of your blades than your wand."

"Yes, but cutting you isn't going to get me what I want," Roddy purred, ramming his thigh between Severus's legs.

"Neither is Imperio. You know better." Severus gritted his teeth and grabbed the blind side of Roddy's face.

"Imperio," Roddy hissed, years of resentment spilling through his wand.

Severus's head rolled back as if he'd been punched, and he lolled for a moment, before coming back to himself. His thumb slid into the side of Roddy's eyesocket, forcing the glass sphere out. It bounced off Roddy's lip, rolled down Severus's chest, and was Accio'd away by Lucius, as it hit the floor.

"Occlumency has more than one form, and more than one use, Roddy," Severus panted, holding his old friend still, by the hole left in his face.

Roddy was too stunned to answer, a desperate moan slipping through his lips as Severus's thumb pressed into his head. His wand slipped from his fingers, and both hands latched on to the front of Severus's robe. His leg flexed, and Severus lifted off the ground, pushed from underneath.

For all his protests, Severus realised he'd done about half of what Roddy was asking for, and the way the other man moved against him was unlike any previous experience. His violent defence of the sanctity of his mind had driven Roddy to distraction, and the image of someone enjoying his touch, however vile and violent that touch might be, burned itself into Severus's mind, as he reached for the floor with his toes. Roddy's lean thigh between his legs was painful, and Severus counted himself fortunate that he weighed so little, but the increased pressure against his cock was so tantalising that not even the exquisite pain could keep him from getting rock hard -- and that hurt even more.

"You want it, Sev," Roddy grunted, rolling his head, slightly, to keep Severus's thumb stroking the inside of his eyesocket. "I can feel how hard you are."

"I'll make you a deal, Lestrange." Severus smiled like a mouthful of broken glass, sharp, shining, and dangerously tempting. "Jerk me off, and I'll do it."

Roddy damn near came in his pants. He'd been trying to get his hands on Severus since they were in school, but it was always Lily, for the greasy little bastard. "Jerk you? Blood and bones, Sev, I'll suck you, if you want."

Severus's hand moved, spreading Roddy's eyelids, so he could see into the empty socket. "I'm not that flexible. You won't be able to reach, with my tongue in your eye."

Roddy whimpered, a red flush of self-disgust creeping up his cheeks, as he set Severus back on his feet. "Not here, obviously. I'd do it here, I would, but you... I know you, and I want to make sure you have no excuses."

"Then why give me time to run?" Severus asked, coolly, leaning forward and licking the rim of Roddy's eyesocket.

Knees buckling, Roddy grabbed Severus's shoulder. "On the floor."

"It appears this isn't a standing affair. I expected a little more of you, after everything I've heard," Severus chided.

"On the floor," Roddy repeated, dragging Severus down with him. "You're either in or you're not, and you've already promised."

Severus flipped Roddy onto his back and knelt across his chest. "Conditionally. I've given you my word conditionally. Are you going to play nice?"

Roddy's hands tore at