sighing he continued. “Say you don’t like me a little bit and I’ll apologize and leave you alone.”

 

They shared silence for what seemed hours, Remy stopped biting her lips anxiously when she finally spoke, “I’ve always … liked you.” Whispered her, Sirius couldn’t stop his big grin. “B—but I….”

“No more buts,” he kissed her cheek. “I’m not letting you go. You might be the wolf, but I am the alpha;” Remy grimaced, rolled her eyes and put on a face that clearly told him that she was already regretting her decision. He kissed her one more time, and one more, and he kept kissing her until she gently pushed him away. It was dark already.

 

OwO~OwO

 

James didn’t talk to him for a month or so, even when Evans aided him after their fight; he still resented the punch in his face. Sirius cared but didn’t care at the same time. He was dating Remy now and that was everything that mattered to him; also he started an arduous and long process to not let her go alone to the Shrieking Shack. It had taken him time spent in the library (especially the restricted section) and studying away from everyone each night.

He always had time to spend with Remy and his friends, who kept wondering why out of the blue he began studying so hard.

 

The moon was high in the sky, its light entering the desert corridors of the castle, making his way to the astronomy tower easier. Sneaking around the castle was always easy for him, more thanks to James and his cloak.

“How do you manage to sneak so easily?” was the first thing he asked when he reached the tower, where Remy was waiting for him. She pointed with her wand the badge in her robes; PREFECT, of course she was a prefect.

Something fast passed through him and sat down besides his girlfriend —how sweet does that sound. A huge silver dog was stealing the attentions of the brunette from him.

“You know how to cast a patronus?”

“Why do you look so surprised?” she raised her eyebrows, lamely failing to raise just one like he does. “We saw the spell last year, you are supposed to cast one as well.”

“Well, I never really tried to …” he sat next to her. “Didn’t know your patronus was a huge dog, though.”

“I didn’t either,” she chuckled embarrassed. “It’s the first time I see my patronus form.” Sirius just stared, “What?”

“Nothing, just remembering what is needed to cast a patronus,” he laughed and Remy blushed, banished the spell and hit Sirius in the shin … playfully. He complained until the realization hit him, his grin widened. “Was a memory about me?” she ignored him completely, “Come one, Moony of my life”

“Moony?”

“Moony,” repeated he. “Because you’re always like … in the moon, distracted and your furry little problem and….”

“I beg you to stop!”

“But I was getting to the best part,” he kneeled in front of her and pointed at the midnight sky. “There you are, the Moon. And I, I am over there” he pointed at the brightest star in the sky, Sirius. “We share the same sky. Below and above, it doesn’t matter; we are connected by it. Our destiny is in the sky, shining and cheering for us”

Lupin sighed, passing her light-brown hair behind her ear. That was the moment Sirius noticed she had slightly pointy ears, he liked that; he rushed to tease them.

The sloppy (and full of teeth) kiss he deposited in Remy’s ear made her shiver; she blushed —more— and he grinned.

 

“Here!” she took a small box from her robes, “I don’t know what you are planning, (and I don’t want to know, really) but whatever it is do it carefully.” Sirius opened the box to see the mandrake leaf he asked her to steal for him.

“You’re lovely, you knew that?”

“You made me steal from Professor Sprout! How’s that lovely?” she glared daggers at him.

“Because no one would ever suspect you,” he kissed her lips chastely. “It’s going to be worth it. I swear.” He grabbed her the waist, pulling her close to his body. “This might be the last night we have a proper chat or snog in a whole month.” He exclaimed dramatically.

“Thanks Merlin! Your mouth shut for a whole month!” her sense of humor was dark, he loved it, just not when she used it to bully him. “And my lips could have a rest too. Now that’s lovely.”

“Hey! I keep your lips hydrated!” Both laughed hard, when the laughter was over Sirius didn’t waste time to look for her forehead,