, not that he'd ever had the chance, or imagined that he would in the future. He wondered idly if Snape ever tied it back when he worked. He had never seen Snape with a ponytail – the thought in fact, was enough to make him want to giggle – but surely it must get in the way.

Snape’s face – well, Lupin had always found Snape attractive for some strange reason, but he was never so blinded as to believe Snape to be handsome, not by any objective standards. Still, it was a strong face, and a dramatic one. Difficult to look away from. Lupin thought that under different circumstances, in a different lifetime, Snape’s face could have been something quite breathtaking, if it was lively and animated and full of emotion.

Snape swore softly, lifting his hand away from his rook. “You have boxed me into a corner, Lupin.” He raised his head and met Lupin’s eyes and Lupin was amused to see the surprise in Snape’s. “You are rather good at this game, aren’t you?”

“I had an excellent teacher,” Lupin said, swirling the Scotch in his glass.

“And who might that have been?”

“Sirius taught me to play.”

Snape’s eyebrows shot up. “Black? I find it hardly credible that a person so deficient in intellect could excel at chess.”

“You know, Severus, you tend to underestimate those you dislike.” Lupin lifted a brow. “Which means you tend to underestimate everyone.”

“I do not.” Lupin watched as Snape mentally paged through those in his acquaintance, searching for possible exceptions. “I do not underestimate Albus,” he said finally.

“Very well,” Lupin conceded. “Almost everyone.”

“You give people too much credit, Lupin. You’ve always been too soft.”

Lupin grimaced. “You prove my point, Severus.”

“I do not think I underestimate you,” Snape said, staring fixedly at the chessboard as two spots of colour bloomed on his pale cheeks.

Lupin blinked at him, nonplussed. Had Snape just admitted to liking him? “Why, Severus, I –”

“Aha!” Snape exclaimed, picking up his remaining knight. “I knew I was missing something. Check.”

Lupin leaned forward, frowning at the board. “Dammit, what did you – oh. Damn. Here,” he held out his glass to Snape, his mind already calculating backward and forward through his possible next moves. “Fetch me another, would you Severus?” he muttered distractedly.

*

They polished off half the bottle that night, which meant, or so Lupin claimed, that Snape had to return a week later to finish the job. And also, Snape pointed out as they settled in for a rematch, it was essential that he regain his honor after having been bested at chess by a mere Gryffindor.

“Why does it bother you so that a Gryffindor beat you at chess?” Lupin asked. It seemed an odd thing to dwell on, the old house rivalries. He’d have thought it more likely that Snape would take issue with having been beaten by a werewolf.

“Slytherins are renowned for their skill at games of strategy. Chess is played more or less constantly in the Slytherin common room, you know. I would have assumed it to be a game unsuited to a Gryffindor temperament.”

Lupin regarded Snape over the rim of his glass. “Is that how you perceive me? As someone with a ‘Gryffindor temperament’?’

Lupin held his eyes until Snape looked down at the table and moved his first pawn. “Not – not entirely,” he said, in the voice of a man admitting to something only with reluctance. “I have always thought,” always thought, Lupin mused – so he’d thought about this before, “that you possess a number of Ravenclaw traits. You seem to pursue knowledge for its own sake more than your – more than the norm for a Gryffindor.” Snape took a sip of Scotch and hesitated before continuing. “And actually, I have at times thought you had a bit of Slytherin as well.”

Lupin smiled. Interesting.

“It’s your move,” said Snape.

Lupin nudged a pawn out of formation.

“Of course the houses are an artificial construct,” said Lupin. “We’re all a mix, after all. Look at what nearly happened with Harry.”  Snape looked at him in confusion. “Didn’t you know? The Hat almost sorted Harry into Slytherin. Wouldn’t that have turned things topsy-turvy?”

“Potter? In Slytherin? How utterly bizarre,” Snape murmured.

Lupin shrugged. “If you knew Harry better, you may not think so. But back to my point, at this stage in life, I try not to let the house system influence me in making up my mind about people, though I have found that more difficult than one might imagine.”

“Are you saying that you do not think of me as a Slytherin?” Snape wore a little frown, for once not of disapproval, more as if he were