You teach here?”

Oliver nodded and shook his head, one hand motioning to the robes he was wearing. “Aye, nay. I mean, I do. I’m the Physical Education and Games teacher.” He winked. “So that I can coach the Quidditch, ye know.”

“Yeah?” He suddenly wanted nothing more than to be on a broom high above the Hogwarts Quidditch pitch, Wood yelling at him to dodge right, no left! Glancing over and knowing without needing to look that Fred would already be left but wanting to see a 17 year old Fred in red and gold and that cocky smile. And he also wanted nothing more than to be sitting in his cold water walk-up smoking his memories until they were insubstantial wisps...

“What are ye doin’ here? I hope nothing has happened with your two.”

George shook his head. “No, no, not at all. I was looking for Fred, actually. And now I’m on my way home. Uh, yeah. I’ve got to run.”

“Yeah? Hey, you want to catch up a bit? You could come to dinner in the Great Hall?”

“No!”

Oliver frowned. “Nae problem.” He tilted his head and peered closer. “Ye okay?”

George nodded. And then shook his head. “Not really, Wood. You seem to be, though, and that’s great. I’ve got to go.”

Oliver reached out and held his upper arm. “Let me buy you a whisky down the pub. How bout that then? I’ve got to get rid of these robes....”

“Yeah. That’s good. I’ll meet you at the Three Broomsticks.” He brushed past him and far down the hall chanced a look over his shoulder and Oliver was standing where he’d left him, watching him walk away.

He finished the last of his third fire whisky and finally began to feel the effects of the alcohol wash like warm water over the frozen parts of him. He pressed the tips of his long fingers against his eyelids and breathed out heavily. He wanted another glass of the amber amnesiac. He wanted to thaw until his memories rivuleted away from him, insubstantial.

He settled back in his chair. Oliver was looking at him under slightly lowered brows. It was a look he recognized, the light of it casting him in shame and he answered it sullenly. But Wood only leaned back in his own chair, rocking it up onto its hind legs and raised a hand to the barkeep, two fingers up.

As though it were magic, a fourth tumbler was set down in front of him. He corralled it with his palms and hoped to Merlin he didn’t look as grateful as he felt. Sodding tosser. He could feel his demons settling in, waiting for the early morning hours to come, honing their pitchforks, hiding amongst the detritus of his memories, prodding at his longings. He sighed.

“George?”

“S’okay, Wood. Thanks for the drink. Plural This’ll have to be my last.” He wanted to be gone, to be in his rooms. At least the company of his own was familiar; something about sitting in the Three Broomsticks outside of Hogwarts with Oliver Wood had begun unsettling him. George flexed his broad shoulders back. “Talking about myself like this is putting me to sleep. How about you? You never married?”

Wood barked out a laugh and then quieted. “Nay.”

He felt as though he had missed a subtext in the conversation. “Yeah?”

"Not for me." Oliver shook his head and sipped at his own fresh drink. “Never really wanted to grow up, ye know? Playing for a team like United helped with that. Twenty years, aye?”

“It looks like it suited you.” George had noticed, once Wood was in street clothes, that he had maintained a rigorously strong physique. He refused to dwell on the fact of his own thinness, his loss of stamina.

“I think so, aye." Wood was nodding, patting at the taut firmness of his stomach, the lines of it outlined beneath the thin fabric of a well-worn t-shirt. "Didn’t know what exactly I was gonna do when they offered to retire me. Couple bad moments in there, thinkin’ bout it, but then I got the owl from McGonagall and I can tell you I tied one on for a week. I was so happy and relieved like.”

George could not restrain the laugh that burst out of him. “Wood!”

“Tis nuthin’ more than the truth, friend. I got good and doused and stayed that way until none of the pubs in Puddlemere would serve me anymore. So I dried out and reported for duty at Hogwarts.” He gave a half-hearted salute and tossed the rest of his drink back. “An’ here I am.” He looked around the empty pub. “It’s as boring as tits.”

George was still laughing. “Frankly, I can’t really remember