sound escaping Harry. "Or maybe right here?" he says, and he finally takes Harry in his mouth, his lips closing around the flushed head of Harry's cock. 

Hissing out a breath, Harry falls back on the bed, unable to stand the erotic sight, or else he'd come in five seconds flat. "Fuck!" he groans as Draco takes more of his dick in his mouth, the sensation of warm wetness around him unbelievable. 

Draco's hands work their way under Harry's ass, gripping tight and pushing Harry's cock further down his throat. Harry would be embarrassed by the sounds spilling out of his mouth, but nothing matters except the pleasure of Draco sucking him. "Fuck, Draco, so good.”

He buries his fingers in Draco's hair and, unable to resist, thrusts up. He wants more. Already he can feel his balls tightening, drawing closer to his body as his orgasm nears. 

Draco slowly bobs his head up and down, tongue pressing firmly on the underside. Harry's body jerks when Draco's mouth closes around just the head, his tongue lapping at Harry's slit and pushing against is. Draco's making these obscene sounds that go straight to Harry's gut, like he can't get enough of sucking Harry's cock, like it's the only thing he wants to do.

And suddenly, it's too much. Panting, Harry cries out a warning, fingers tightening enough in Draco's hair to be painful, and he's coming, his cock throbbing and shooting out ropes of come on Draco's tongue. 

He distantly hears Draco's pleased murmur as he sinks down into the bed, boneless and body singing with pleasure. When Draco releases his cock, Harry summons the energy to reach out for Draco, wanting contact. Draco comes into his arms, climbing up on the bed and lying on top of him. 

Harry sighs when Draco kisses him and opens his mouth, letting Draco's tongue inside. He can taste himself inside Draco's mouth, but instead of repelling him, it sends a faint hum of desire through his body, and he presses closer to Draco.

Draco grabs his shirt and tugs it up, Harry raising his arms and breaking the kiss so Draco can pull it over his head. 

"You feel so good," Draco says, running his hands all over Harry's chest. He kisses along Harry's jaw line, light, gentle kisses that settle in Harry's heart. "I love you."

Harry smiles and grabs Draco's head and tilts it up so he can press his lips to Draco's. Harry'll never tell Draco this, but he loves how sex makes Draco freer with his emotions.  "I love you, too," he whispers, and then his smile turns wicked. "But I'd love you even more if you'd fuck me right now."

Draco's eyes light up and his mouth curves upward in a smirk. "Is that what you want?" he asks, snaring Harry's bottom lip between his teeth and pulling as he rubs his groin over Harry's.

Harry feels how hard Draco is through his denims and it makes him arch up, head lolling to the side. "Yes, god. Want to feel you. Want you to fuck me just like this, on my back, just wearing my socks, all sweaty and dirty from practice."

"Fuck." Draco near whimpers the word, thrusting hard against Harry. "Fuck, yes."

Harry doesn't even try to hide his smugness. "Thought you'd like that that."

"Fuck you," Draco says without heat, his eyes narrowed. "You have no idea."

"Then why don't you show me?" Harry baits, scooting away from Draco and sprawling out on the bed, one hand moving to his mouth while the other wraps around his hardening cock. 

Draco just stares at him for a moment, seemingly unable to move or think of a reply, but then he snaps out of his daze into movement. He quickly pulls his shirt off and wiggles out of his denims and, finally naked, he presses against Harry, their burning, bare skin coming into full contact and making Harry gasp. 

Harry hooks a leg around Draco's hip, grinding against him, hard cocks rubbing deliciously over each other. "Hurry," he says, mouthing along Draco's collarbone.

Draco nods and reaches back under the pillows, searching for the lube they keep stashed there. He doesn't waste any time squirting some on to his fingers and slipping them between Harry's legs. At the first touch of cool lube over his hole, Harry moans, pushing back into the teasing touch.

Draco bites at his ear, his breath hot, and slides one finger in Harry, deep and so good. 

"Yes, fuck!" Harry says, squeezing his eyes shut. "More."

A second finger works its way into him, and Draco twists and turns his