rushed over to the door, opening it with a force that could have easily knocked it off its hinges. He sprinted down the many stairs, taking three at a time. When he got to the first floor, Lestrade finally collected himself enough to ask him where he was going.

"The case!" Sherlock shouted.

"What?" Lestrade could only say.

"The case! Think, where's the case? What did she do with it? Did she eat it?" Sherlock was being sarcastic again, but not as cutting as he usually was. That was a plus, right? "This is a murder. We've got ourselves a serial murderer. Oh, I love those. There's always something to look forward to." He murmured to himself excitedly. "They always make a mistake. We just have to- oh. Oh!"

Lestrade thought that Sherlock resembled at that moment a child at Christmas, and then he understood just how wrong that was.

"We've got a mistake. We've got a mistake, Lestrade!"

Lestrade barely had the time to ask him what the mistake was, frustratingly perplexed at the short, unhelpful shout of "Pink!" he got in return.

He let Anderson and his crew back into the room, ignoring the glare the forensic scientist shot his way. At least Sherlock was productive. Now he just had to find who Rachel was. Finding the woman's name turned out to be simple as cake, thanks to Sherlock's clever deductions.

Apparently, Rachel was Jennifer Wilson's stillborn daughter fourteen years ago.

There was still an unsolved matter which bothered the DI greatly – was Sherlock back on drugs? His flushed form and dilated pupils were a clear symptom. That was the only solution. At least, in Sherlock's case. The alternative didn't stick well with the consulting detective's persona.

If he was back on drugs, Lestrade supposed he could always arrange a drugs' bust in Sherlock's apartment. It wouldn't take much, really, as the man had used drugs before. It was only logical to assume he would slip. And Sherlock was probably off to find the case, anyway. He won't give it to the police if he could help it, which could sabotage the investigation and damage evidence. A drugs' bust was clearly in need here.

It wasn't that hard to find volunteers, either. The number of people Sherlock verbally abused, intentionally or not, was quite large. Anderson was happy to join, as Lestrade expected. Sergeant Donovan and a few other officers gave their time as well to help search the apartment of 221b Baker Street. But Lestrade still felt guilty. He couldn't just barge in on someone like that, especially Sherlock, when the latter hasn't done anything wrong. Yet. It's best to just check on him first, Lestrade decided.


Pink?


He sent the text. He couldn't write anything that would incriminate him and reveal his plans of surprising Sherlock with a visit.


Idot ca pink -


What the hell?

Lestrade read the message again. And again. The first word was clearly meant to be 'idiot'. It wasn't like Sherlock to write such unconventional texts. 'ca pink'? What the bloody hell does 'ca' mean?

Doesn't matter. Sherlock was using again.

And there was only one thing that could be done.

Reaching the location, the gathered group of police officers knocked on the door. Lestrade was ashamed of Sherlock. He had faith in him. Why did he have to throw it all away? He was informed by Sherlock's brother of his addictions, and that he quit. His brother, whom he didn't meet nor ever wants to meet. The man was clearly in a position of great power.

The landlady let them in. She was a nice, elderly woman with a warm smile. She was confused when she saw the many officers outside, and became worried. Lestrade tried to reassure her everything was okay, but when she didn't calm down he ordered her to go back to her flat and stay there until they sorted everything out.

They didn't even have to wait for long before the door opened. Sherlock stood in the doorway, the pink tint to his cheeks and the dilated pupils once again making an appearance. Lestrade wanted to sigh in disappointment.

"We have a-"

He was cut off with the shaking of Sherlock's head. He frowned at the young detective. "Just come in and do your businesses." His voice was smooth, if slightly rough when he punctuated the sound 'o'. Lestrade nodded and signaled the team in.

Sherlock immediately left and went to the kitchen. The flat was open and the sitting room and the kitchen were not separated by a wall. Lestrade followed Sherlock, letting his team go about the place as was decided earlier on.

But the detective and Lestrade were not the only ones in the kitchen.

A blond man. A somewhat short blond man. He was holding two cups of