not call her at all, then.

The funeral had been a nightmare. Being who he is, the security kept away those who wished to sabotage the ceremony, and allowed only a minimal number of people to enter the graveyard. It didn't stop some of the invited people from whispering in harsh tones insults that Mycroft chose to ignore. He didn't even regard Dr. Watson as he stood motionlessly with a slouched, defeated posture and tired eyes. The elderly Mrs. Hudson had sniffled quietly throughout the burial and left alone at the end of the ceremony. A few officers looked uncomfortable, some pleased, and returned to their merry chatter on their way out. A young woman who had allowed Sherlock access to the laboratory and morgue at St. Bart's was present, shock plastered across her face.

And homeless people. Dozens of them, in pairs or groups or alone, all dressed in worn-looking clothes that were not black like the traditional funeral wear, their faces colored with grief. A man, a boy, really, with a can of spray paint had stood before the stone, hesitating for a few moments before tucking the can in his bag and leaving.

It went without saying that the last impression Sherlock had made had been of a fake, of a fool. That everyone knew him now as a criminal, average-brained, disloyal scum.

They didn't know Sherlock.

They weren't there when the pink, tightly-shut-eyed baby cried for the first time. They didn't see the pale, chubby infant struggle to get the punctuation right and end up with 'Ma-ckt' for his big brother's name. They didn't feel the clumsy grip of tiny arms as the infant hugged his brother after a frightening dream. They didn't watch as the beautiful boy tried to make friends at the playground, only to be shunned by lesser-witted children. They didn't have those piercing blue eyes twinkle with joy at them over the remains of a poor attempt to make a cake. They didn't smell the metallic scent of blood slowly seeping down a scratched, brave knee that tried to jump from the top of the slide at the playground, just to impress those simpletons who had rejected the boy. They didn't hear the desperate, hoarse voice of a man call out for help over the phone as he suffered from an overdose. They didn't take part in trying to get him better, forcing him into cold, heavy handcuffs and restrains and letting stranger men take him away to a place where they knew he would suffer. They didn't cry when he cried, locked in a sterile room during the affects of the withdrawal. They didn't get the same sarcastic, harmless, bordering-affectionate inquiry about their weight every single time, knowing the only reason it was that harmless retort was that he couldn't bring himself to cause his older brother any real pain.

They weren't Mycroft, and therefore didn't know Sherlock at all. Not his quirks, not his expressions, not his true laughter or true tears or true affection. Not how the word 'please' sounded from his lips, or how 'I love you' rolled off his tongue. They didn't know a thing, and for that Mycroft hated them all.

Caring is not an advantage, Mycroft had said to his brother during a rare moment of vulnerability, seeking to protect the fragile heart from harm, knowing it was too late to do anything to prevent it. He believed in those words – caring wasn't an advantage. But it was unavoidable, unpreventable. It couldn't be stopped, not with Sherlock. Never with Sherlock.

Mycroft let out another sigh. He didn't wear a scarf, and the wind was cold against his neck. He regretted not bringing a scarf, though. Sentimentality drove him to do irrational things – leaving the scarf behind because the thought of Sherlock never wearing a scarf again caused him sorrow, calling his assistant by her true name for the first time in years because the thought of her dying as an anonymous, replaceable part of his schedule caused him nausea. Speaking to a grave of a dead man as if he could hear.

"Sherlock," Mycroft started, his voice being the only thing to ever indicate his state of emotion. Dark mourning laced his voice, a tone of desperate forfeit eminent, making him cringe mentally. "You were an idiot to trust your heart over your mind. Look what you have done now. I'm afraid I can't help you out of this one, brother." Another troubled sigh. Exhaustion started to take over. It was going to be a long, long night.

Anger welled up inside him. Anger at Sherlock, for not seeking his help when he most definitely needed it. Anger at himself, for telling Moriarty about his little brother, for breaking that trust, that delicate trust his brother had in him. For not forcing Sherlock to ask for his help. For not offering it more aggressively. For not helping