he paused to grin up at her, making a show of licking his lips—red and slick and swollen from their kisses—before moving back to bury his face between her legs again. He held her open with his fingers, his tongue working inside her and his thumb rubbing slippery circles on her clit, humming his appreciation at the little sounds she couldn't help making, the breathy moans that pushed past her closed lips and clenched teeth.

He brought her to the edge and kept her there for a moment, and then she was shuddering, his hand and mouth relentless against her, intensifying and prolonging her climax until she could barely breathe, barely remember her own name. Just when she thought she couldn't take any more, he pulled back, fingers stroking gently over her belly, lips pressing butterfly kisses to the insides of her thighs.

Once her breathing was even again, and the pounding of her heart had calmed, he moved up her body, retracing his path and tonguing circles around the purpling bruises he'd left on the way down. She shivered at the warm brush of his breath against her skin, and at the hard press of his cock against her inner thigh, then arched her hips and shifted until she could feel the head skate slickly against her cunt. He gathered her into his arms, hands sliding under her back to curl over her shoulders and hold her still as he slid into her in one sure, steady movement.

Two more thrusts, punctuated by rough, demanding kisses, his mouth tangy-sweet and slick from her cunt, and then he was suddenly rolling them over with only the briefest break in their rhythm, leaving her straddling his hips, sliding down onto him as he pushed up. When she tried to sit up, though, he stopped her, held her firmly against him.

"Look," he said softly, gentle fingers turning her head and brushing the hair from her eyes. There was a full-length mirror beside the bed, angled so that she could watch him sliding in and out of her, his shaft hard and flushed and glossy-wet, could watch as his hands moved down to cup her ass, fingers tightening as he spread her wider.

Then there were other hands in the reflection, hands that curved around Dean's thighs and stroked upward, caressing. Jo's breath caught as Sam moved into view, as he knelt between Dean's legs and leaned forward to slowly lick the exposed length of Dean's shaft before teasing at the spot where she and Dean were joined. The touch pulled a quiet, needy sound from her, and she could feel the brush of air as Sam laughed softly against her skin.

"Easy," he said, like he was trying to calm a spooked horse, and she was about to protest, about to object to being treated like some shy virgin, when he suddenly leaned in again and licked a broad stripe from her cunt to her tailbone.

She shuddered and moaned, turning her head away from the reflection of Sam's knowing smile and burying her face in Dean's neck, breathing in the warm, sweaty scent of him. Sam repeated the gesture, this time moving slower, lingering and teasing at her asshole, every flitting touch a promise that left her flushed and begging for more, until he finally pushed one spit-slick finger in and she came, her cunt clenching hard around Dean's cock. As she rode out the aftershocks, Dean pressed kisses to her temple and the corner of her mouth, his hips never faltering in their slow, easy rhythm.

Focusing on the mirror again, she watched Dean fuck her cunt and hold her ass open for Sam's fingers and Sam's tongue, feeling vulnerable and exposed, but not wanting them to stop. Not even when Sam moved forward, his cock hard and leaking, and she suddenly realized what they planned to do to her.

Sam's cock pressed against her newly sensitized skin and she could hear the hitch in Dean's breathing, felt his hips stutter, and knew without even looking that his gaze was locked on the mirror, too, watching Sam line himself up to push into her ass. Dean's hands slid up to her waist, Sam's taking their place on her hips, holding her open as he thrust. It was too fast and not slick enough, and Jo hissed at the burn. At the sound, Sam slowed and the sting eased a little.

Dean cupped her face, whispering, "Oh, yeah, baby. You can take it, I know you can," his mouth against hers, swallowing her gasps.

A few more seconds of steady, slow pressure and Sam's hips were flush against her ass, and then he was curling over her back, his hands on either side of her shoulders and his breath hot on her neck. There was a moment of stillness, of hyperawareness, and then Dean's gaze focused past her, his eyes going even darker with arousal, and he and Sam started to move in unison.

It was too much and not enough