no less—was a good way to get yanked from any further off-world missions.

"John," Rodney said again, his voice soft but urgent, and John's brain was once again filled with gorgeous, suggestive images involving one very naked and obviously turned-on astrophysicist.

John shook his head, trying to clear away the unnecessary and distracting visual aids. "Not out here." He pulled away and elbowed Ford. "I'm going to hit the hay, Lieutenant," he said, making a show of stretching and yawning.

Ford nodded, barely paying attention, and John grinned. Well, that was easy enough, wasn't it? He headed for the guest hut he and Rodney had dumped their gear in earlier, trusting Rodney to follow.



~ * ~ * ~

"What if this is just the effect of some kind of weird hallucinogenic alien aphrodisiac, giving us these—very intense and realistic, admittedly—porn movie visuals?" Rodney said into John's neck as he tugged the bottom of John's shirt out of his BDUs.

John was perfectly happy with his porn movie visuals, thank you very much. He didn't care where the hell they came from. It wasn't like he hadn't already been fantasizing about sex and Rodney—and sex with Rodney; he'd just expanded his repertoire was all. Why the hell hadn't he thought about Rodney fucking him before? He really should have, because it was possibly the hottest thing he could imagine right this second.

"What if we wake up in the morning," Rodney moved back far enough to pull the shirt over John's head and off, "and we don't even like each other? What if we screw up your career and our working relationship in the process? And what if, after all that, the sex turns out to be really bad? Or worse, what if it's mediocre."

"Rodney?" John ground out, fumbling with the button and zipper on Rodney's BDUs, needing to touch skin now. "Shut up and fuck me."

Rodney froze suddenly, his eyes closing momentarily. "Jesus, John," he said, pushing John's hands away and backing up a step. "Jesus. You can't just say things like that. At least not if you want me to make it to the point where there's actual fucking going on." John's dick twitched at the words and he pressed the heel of his hand against it to dull the ache. "And then there's still the whole 'alien aphrodisiac' thing...."

John shook his head and said, with certainty, "There's no alien aphrodisiac."

"How do you know? I mean, who knows what's in so-called food that's native to a strange galaxy where humanity didn't actually evolve on its own?" Despite his words, Rodney was working to undo his own BDUs. "There could be alien aphrodisiacs—"

"I know because thinking about you always makes me hard," John said, cutting him off, and Rodney looked...surprised? shocked? John pushed on, "You're my daily jerk-off fantasy, okay? Your hands, your ass."

Rodney's hands stilled. "How long?" he asked.

"Weeks," John said, closing his eyes so he wouldn't have to see Rodney's expression. "Months, maybe."

Then Rodney's hands were back on him, smoothing over his stomach and chest, cupping his face, and Rodney was kissing him, deep and wet and wanting. "Months?" Rodney asked between kisses. "You've wanted me for months, and yet there's been a frustratingly consistent lack of dating and sex in my life during that time. What's wrong with this picture?"

John tugged Rodney's shirt off. "I wasn't sure you were interested. And it's a really bad idea, anyway."

"A bad idea? Right. Which is why you're rock hard and asking me to fuck you." And then Rodney's hand was in his pants, Rodney's fingers wrapped around his dick, and any possibility of rational thought vanished as John's jerk-off fantasy became something more substantial, something real.

"My mistake," he ground out as he came. "Best idea ever."

Rodney laughed breathlessly as they leaned on each other for support. "How many times do I have to tell you? I'm brilliant," he said, taking his shirt from John and wiping his hand on it before dropping it on the ground.

"No," John said, shaking his head. His pulse was pounding and his legs were protesting against the idea of standing, but he still wanted more. "If you were really brilliant, I'd be bent over that table with your dick up my ass, and I'd be screaming your name."

Rodney shivered against him. "I'm going to have to get you a gag, aren