word for it; getting drunk here, surrounded by temptation, would be a very bad idea. Of course, it didn't seem like Sheppard was particularly worried about that, at least not judging by the way he tipped his cup up, his throat working as he swallowed its contents, and that lack of restraint was out of character for him in Nick's experience. When music started up—something vaguely Middle Eastern, except with Celtic-sounding flutes and something that might have been a banjo—Nick split his attention between the dancers and Sheppard, only realizing a few minutes into the entertainment that he'd stopped being hyperaware of Jana and Rafe's fingers feeding him bites of fruit and meat and sauce-dipped bread.

The dancers were striking, with their bodies and faces painted to resemble native animals, and their movements fluid and graceful. They reminded Nick of a Cirque du Soleil show he caught in Vegas on his last leave before shipping out to Pegasus. This was less of a show, though, than an intricately choreographed interactive experience, the performers making their audience a part of the sensual dance. A snake-man slithered into Sheppard's lap, writhing against him, pressing him back against the pillows, his body stretched out along Sheppard's, and Nick's breath caught as he watched. Sheppard's eyelids fluttered shut and his tongue darted out to wet parted lips, but Nick didn't see whatever happened next because a woman painted to look vaguely feline licked a stripe up his jaw and toward his ear and it took everything he had not to react with his combat training. When he looked back, the snake-man had moved on and Sheppard looked a little flushed but that could've been from the wine.

Nick's cat-woman got a better response from Ronon, who growled low in his throat when she licked him, and Nick couldn't help but think that Ronon was going to be the focal point of an orgy at this rate. A woman in jewel-toned makeup and gauzy scarves fluttered around Teyla—butterfly, maybe?—scattering light touches and kisses over her face and shoulders and leaving her laughing and blushing. The dancers moved around McKay but didn't engage with him; he was obviously too engrossed in his blonde, one hand splayed against her back and the other sliding up her thigh as they kissed.

The music slowly faded and the last of the performers slipped away just as the last note sounded. Nick joined in the politely restrained applause, turning his head as movement caught his attention: Sheppard was leaning forward, saying something into his attendant's ear, and the man smiled and nodded, then disappeared outside. The woman picked up Sheppard's goblet and held it out to him. He took it, cupping his own hand over hers and pulling her closer to him when he drank. Nick turned away, taking another small drink of his own wine before offering the goblet to Jana, who looked surprised but not displeased as she drank. At his nod, she passed it on to Rafe.

Sheppard got to his feet, looking a little unsteady. "I think," he said to the room in general, though Nick didn't think Ronon and McKay were exactly paying attention, "it's time for me to hit the hay. I'll see you all at breakfast."

Offering a quick thank you to Jana and Rafe, Nick stood and followed Sheppard, slipping his tac vest back on as he went. He had a pretty good idea what was going on, and he felt an obligation to protect his CO from himself. Slipping through the tent flap, he paused to let his eyes adjust; clouds obscured the planet's two moons and the village common was almost black, especially when compared to the firelit interior of the dining tent. He looked around, but didn't see Sheppard outside; maybe the colonel really had gone to the sleeping tent. Just as Nick was about to turn around and go back inside, one of the moons slipped from behind the clouds and a flash of movement caught his eye.

They were off to one side, at the edge of the circle of tents, Sheppard's hands cupping the man's face, holding him still as Sheppard kissed him with a single-minded intensity that made Nick hard just watching. Strong, masculine hands moved over Sheppard's body, pulling him closer, sliding up under his shirt, and Nick was moving before he even realized it. He coughed, glancing away and pausing long enough to let Sheppard back away from the man. Plausible deniability.

"Lorne." Sheppard looked...well, like he'd been caught nearly having sex in public. Somewhere between guilty and turned on, his breathing still a little fast.

"Colonel," Nick acknowledged. "I was just heading for bed, myself." He didn't move, though, waiting for Sheppard to take the hint, to make whatever excuse he was going to make for being out here instead of in his own tent.

Instead, Sheppard just said, "Well, don'