his shin and again, Severus showed total control in not moving. "Hated that bastard, anyway!"


Ah. Former student. 


When it was quiet again, he opened his eyes and looked around, quick to make note of any movement.

There was nothing. Nothing but the noise coming from Hogwarts. War was not silent.


Hurry... hurry... damn you...


Regardless of the outcome, he had no intention of being here when anyone decided to return.

His fingers moved, his arms tingling. Slowly he worked them, his body, all of it asleep, the smell of blood, his blood everywhere, the metal stench of it almost gagging.

Nagini had been too easy. Voldemort had been too easy. The monster had become predictable. Despite watching, he felt Voldemort attempting to enter his mind, the madman not only wanting to watch death, but experience it.

He allowed him to see five bites, not the one he actually received.


Too easy.


The moment his arms were free, his hand delved into the pocket, the deep one and grasped the vial he knew by feel, by shape. Moving caused pain, sweet, blessed, invigorating pain and he moaned in spite of himself. Again, he perused the room from this loathsome position and noting no one there, pulled the vial from his pocket and tipped the contents in his mouth.

He damn near gagged and spit it out.


Pain killer, blood clotter, venom antigen, antibiotic, a bit of firewhiskey for flavor...


For a short moment, he could feel his blood rushing through his veins and while it pained him, it was a good pain, a pain he reveled in and...


Enjoyed. He was enjoying this mad rush!


There was a resounding crash coming from Hogwarts. There wasn't much time, not much time left...

Snape found his feet, unsteady at first, but he had no time to find his proper balance. Pulling his wand from its casing, he blasted the spot where he laid, all of it and then some, making it look as if whatever, or whoever had been there, had been obliterated.


Let them think that. It was what he wanted.


Slowly,


like a man out of his sick bed, bugger that and damnation


- he made his way through hidden passages, passages forgotten, tunnels never known to anyone but himself. Too long, he had scuttled like the rest of the beetles amongst the tree roots and foundations. Twice, those very foundations rocked, causing dirt and things to fall in his hair, his clothing. He entered the head master's chambers surreptitiously, taking great pains to make sure the charms, the locks still held against any unwelcome who would enter. He grabbed his satchel, forgotten in a corner, shrinking it to his pocket, grabbing vials, vials, and more vials, potions made up in advance, rare herbs that would be hard, if not impossible to find, where he was going. Once, he thought he heard Molly Weasley calling someone a bitch, her voice echoing through the vents and cracks of the castle. The portraits on the wall were whispering, offering suggestions, suggestions and advice he ignored; after all, they knew the truth, knew who he was and what he had been. It was when he pulled the torn picture of Lily Evans,


never Potter


that he heard what he didn't want to hear, what he never hoped to hear...

"Severus."

He never looked up, never stopped his chore. His time was so limited.

"Albus. I am in no mood." He slung the drawer to the desk open, found several extra quills. He was now stuffing anything, to shut the portrait up.

"I would imagine you aren't."

There was a scream, a cheer...

Severus felt a blackness, cold tendrils of iciness remove itself from his body.


It is over... he is dead... dead... dead...


The cheering escalated...

"It appears Harry has won."

Severus returned to his digging. His pockets were now filled to over-flow. It was time to leave.

"Severus." The former Potions Master stopped in his tracks, turning only an ear to the portrait. "You don't have to leave, Severus. Harry won."

"Potter knows the truth," Severus spat. "I emptied my memories for him."

"Then more the reason to stay-"

"Then more the reason to go!" Severus interrupted angrily. "I'll not stay and be the Man who Loved His Mother. I'll not be kept around as a reminder that I watched him for her sake. I'll not be an albatross!" He turned to the portrait finally and held a finger up to stop the rebuke he knew was coming. "I have paid my debt to her, just as I have paid my debt to you. I am free of that old tart and I will be free of Potter and of you. There is a life out there and I am going to find it." He headed back to the secret passage, hidden in the bookcases.

"Severus.