recall, a date, especially a FIRST date, is designed for two people to get to know each other better.” He nodded towards the fresco. “In this case, we are doing something to get to know the other better. It is refreshing to know we have something in common. You enjoy art and I enjoy art. You enjoy it to the point you have made it your life’s work. If I am going to get to know you better, how else but in your most comfortable habit?” Not to mention, he thought to himself, rather perniciously, how better to find your weak spots?

Abi could tell he was up to something. Just knew it in her bones. That she was biting off more than she could chew, was probably possible; she was aware he would be a handful to manage.

He was.

Truth of the matter was, she figured she would just have the one evening. She thought if he found out she was a former student, he would have ended the evening immediately.

But he didn’t.

She was afraid he would make sport of her choosing to live in the Muggle World as a Muggle.

He hadn’t.

She had been convinced that once he found she had been married - and married to a Muggle - he would have wiped his hands of her immediately.

But he hadn’t.

What was he up to?

She looked up, to see him looking at her rather expectantly.

“Well, Abigail?”

Abi turned and focused on the fresco. “You said a potion. Do you have anything in mind?”

“I have several in mind.”

“I suspect it will be messy work.”

“More than likely. One in particular, I will have to brew.”

“How long?”

“Not long. About half an hour. The other two, I have in stock in my classroom. You would not believe the messes and stains students create when they are not paying attention.”

Abi looked up to him, a smirk on her face. Let’s see how interested he really is. “If you wish, we can apparate from here. You may go to your classroom and lab and get what you need. Change clothes even. I can zip home and change into something more...” she gestured down to her heels and dress, “more appropriate.” She forced a smile on her face. “Meet back here in an hour?”

“That sounds reasonable.”

One minute he was standing apart from her, looking closely at the artwork, the next, he was standing next to her, towering over her, completely overshadowing her.

“Abigail.”

Abi looked up, wide eyed. “Yes?”

Not so gentle fingers slid under her chin, tilting her head back. “Do not think for a moment I will not be back. Do not dream for a second to leave me standing here in the dust. You said an hour. Be here in an hour. Do not make me come and hunt for you. This date is not over.” And as if to seal her agreement, he leaned over, brushing his lips across hers.

Abigail inhaled sharply, taking in the light residue of the taste of a fine wine. She leaned into him, his kiss, only to almost fall, as he pulled back.

“Not yet.”

Severus pulled his wand from his side and with a flick of his wrist, disappeared into the air.

Abi stood there, her finger touching where the trace of his kiss still lingered.

“Oh shit. I am in so much trouble.”

tbc

Abi was back in forty five minutes. She had changed clothes, into a pair of jeans and an old Oxford Sweatshirt. She didn’t think until she had returned that it was an old hanger - on from her ex-husband. Her tennis shoes were well broke in. She had brought a CD player and had a variety of CD’s, which she plugged up across the room. She removed her tools, soft brushes and towels, setting them up on a long table which she placed in front of the painting, leaving room for Severus...

Severus. Severus. She couldn’t believe she was even thinking about him by his first name. On those times when she actually allowed herself to fantasize about him, she referred to him as ‘Snape’. To think of him as Severus, was simply too personal.

She made her way to the front, where their coats still hung. Yes, his was still here, he did plan on returning. She picked up the heavy coat along with hers and made her way downstairs.

She almost bumped into him.

“Damn it, woman! Watch where you are going!” The famous scowl with his trademark single crease indented in his forehead blazed her in its fury.

“Well, I am sorry. You were standing in the doorway and... are you sure you want to work in that?”

Severus had not changed clothes. He still wore his frock coat with the stiff high collar.

And buttons.

“I work in this all the time. What is so different now