're starting now?" This is a bad idea, Harry can already tell. Practically snuggled up on the couch with Draco? On Valentine's Day? When Harry's about at his wit's end with Draco's teasing?

"Now, Potter," Draco says, and the use of his surname catches Harry's attention. 

Harry shucks his jacket off, hanging it by the door. "Did you pick out a film?" he asks, walking over to the telly and turning it on. 

"Yes. On the table."

Harry picks it up and has to laugh when he sees the title. "X-Men?" he asks, looking back at Draco and raising an eyebrow. "Why this one?"

"And why not?" Draco responds, sounding a bit haughty. "They at least have some sort of magical ability, or some such thing. I may be intrigued by this Muggle device, but I certainly do not want to watch an entire film about them."

"Of course." Harry just rolls his eyes and puts the DVD in the player. Trying to hide his nervousness, Harry gingerly sits down on the couch, close to Draco but not too close and jerks slightly when Draco takes it upon himself to scoot closer so that their thighs are touching. 

Harry knows that his eyes must be wide and he's half-afraid Draco can hear the sudden pounding of his heart. It's been getting progressively harder to live with Draco these past weeks, but Harry didn't realize how far he's actually gone if his reaction to a relatively simple thing is any indication. 

"I'm a little tired," Draco says, and Harry's suddenly guilty. When Draco's away from him for too long, he starts getting tired, feeling a little weak, occasionally having a headache.

"I'm sorry." Ignoring the annoying flutter in his stomach, Harry drops his arm around Draco's shoulders, unable to bear the thought of Draco being in any pain.

Draco promptly drapes the blanket from the back of the couch – the one that Molly knitted him for Christmas the year the War ended – over their laps and drops his head on Harry's shoulder. Harry nearly swallows his tongue from the proximity and the clean, fresh scent of Draco's hair.

The movie starts playing, but Harry hardly notices a thing, much too distracted by Draco. Harry's seen the movie, of course, so at least if Draco puts him on the spot by asking a question or making a snarky comment, Harry should be able to reply after a quick glance at the telly. 

But then Draco puts his hand on Harry's thigh, dangerously close to his groin, and Harry just about forgets to breathe. How can Draco not comprehend how much he affects Harry? Harry's never been able to hide his feelings well, and Harry finds it difficult to believe that Draco isn't aware of Harry's less than platonic feelings for him. But Harry also doesn't want to believe that Draco is cruel enough to purposely tease him, not after the effort it took for them to become friends.

Harry nearly jumps up when Draco's fingers start stroking along the seam of his trousers. Harry's throat is dry, blood rushing through his ears, but he forces himself to speak. He can't take this. "Uh, Draco?"

A distracted "Hmm?" is Draco's only response, and Harry bites down on his lip hard enough to drawl blood when Draco begins to nuzzle at his neck, his breath warm on Harry's skin and making goose bumps appear. 

"What- what are you d-doing?" Harry doesn't like how weak his voice sounds, but under the circumstances, he thinks it's warranted.

"Harry…" Draco breathes, this time right into Harry's ear and there is no stifling the moan that escapes. This is both everything and yet not nearly what Harry's wanted for weeks, and he's rapidly reaching his breaking point. 

Draco's hand comes up and he threads his fingers in Harry's hair as he tilts his head up. Draco's eyes are beautiful and Harry could stare into them forever. And Draco's lips are so close, so, so close, right there for Harry's taking, and he feels like he'll die if he doesn't kiss Draco right now.

And then, like Draco can sense the thoughts running through Harry's mind, Draco whispers, "Kiss me, Harry," and Harry's restraint vanishes. He surges forward, capturing Draco's mouth in a desperate kiss, and grabs Draco, needing him even closer. 

Harry could cry when Draco eagerly reciprocates the kiss and the embrace, his own arms locking around Harry's shoulders, this already more than Harry really thought could he his. And then Draco swings his leg over Harry's lap, effectively straddling him, and all coherent thought comes to a screeching halt from the amazing and sinful feeling of