m a prude, and uncomfortable with non-mainstream sexual escapades.” Chrom said, after a small pause.

Gaius lost it at that, his head falling against the side of the bed while he laughed. It was a loud laugh, the kind that filled the room still after it was done. He looked at Chrom again, pausing to have another sharp bark of laughter at his boyfriend’s still reddening face, and stuck another spoonful of ice cream in his mouth.

“What?!” Chrom demanded loudly in response.

“Babe, you just said sexual escapades! Because I said you liked vanilla!” Gaius spooned in more ice cream as soon as he was done talking, and an idea dawned on him. He swallowed it slowly, turning over the flavor in his mouth.

“Wait, wait, before you say something else…” Gaius pulled himself up so he was sitting upright and looked Chrom in the eyes. The blue haired man was sitting on the edge of the bed, still dressed as he had been that morning. It was weird, Gaius though, as soon as he got in his room he stripped down. But oh well, Chrom was shy, he supposed. Shy enough to stay in this grey t-shirt and worn jeans. At least he had pulled off his sneakers at the door.

“Come lay down here by me.” Gaius smirked and pat the pillow next to him. He made sure he didn’t look away from those eyes, dark blue pools so wonderful to gaze into he understood why Chrom had so many girls drooling after him. Even if he was boring.

“Not when you’re making fun of me!” Gaius wondered if Chrom knew he was pouting right now.

“You’re lucky I love you.” Gaius laughed a bit more. “Please come sit by me? I want to be close to you, I’ll be nice honey, I promise.”

Chrom’s halfhearted glare melted a bit at the sweet talk, he paused for good measure, and then sighed.

“Alright, but behave or I’ll go back to studying.” Chrom moved his way up to Gaius, propping himself up on the pillow to look forward into the room, the view being a stunning one. It faced directly at the door, in its plain white glory. But Gaius knew he would have Chrom looking at him in moments, eating out of the palm of his hand in fact.

“Hey blue, you hungry? Want a little ice cream?” Gaius said as silkily as he could.

Chrom turned to look at Gaius and opened his mouth to say what Gaius was sure was a ‘no’ and quickly slid a spoonful in. He smiled innocently as Chrom’s eyes widened, mouth opening and closing rapidly. A small bit of it dripped down the side of his mouth, and Gaius clicked his tongue.

“So wasteful, all of you rich kids. Won’t even eat all your ice cream. Guess I have to help you.” Gaius leaned in and licked at the side of Chrom’s mouth, pulling the light taste of vanilla into his mouth. Chrom let out a small noise from his chest that Gaius would sum up as a startled growl.

Gaius moved his lips down from the corner of Chrom’s mouth, letting the spoon fall into the ice cream container to wait. He could feel how warm Chrom felt against him, his skin nice after the cold ice cream. He pushed his lips forward, opening them a bit too lick gently against the surface. Chrom chose that exact moment to swallow the ice cream that had been shoved into his mouth, adams apple bobbing against Gaius’s lips. He couldn’t help the small chuckle that slipped out of his mouth, chest vibrating lightly.

Gaius began sucking there next, tongue moving in a small circle. He opened his mouth to lightly bite with his front teeth. Chrom let out a disgruntled noise, which was verging on a small moan. Gaius shifted and quickly put another large scoop of ice cream in his mouth before moving it to the side of the bed. He pushed up Chrom’s shirt and pressed his newly wet lips to his stomach. Chrom let out a yelp, trying to jump and pull away from the cold feeling.

“Gaius- ugh, stop! Just eat your food and let me-” Chrom began before being cut off. Gaius kept his licks going, moving so all of his oral attention was right atop Chrom’s paints waistband. Gaius made sure he pulled his tongue along as close as he could to Chrom’s jeans without licking the fabric. Chrom let out a shallow moan to that one, his hand dropping to Gaius’s hair, fingers grabbing at orange without thought.

Gaius could never tell if Chrom was so responsive because it felt good, or because he was ticklish. Either way, he went from 0 to 60 at the drop of a hat, and Gaius loved that about his boyfriend.

“You sure you want that, Blue?” Gaius asked, lips pulling up into a smirk. He let himself lean forward into Chrom so