, Soren could feel warming his insides. He was the man who had saved him, in more ways than one. Both the day he had given him food, and to this very day. There was a love there that had saved Soren. It had kept him physically and mentally going. A purpose, and a savior. Someone who believed in him, could treat him like a real breathing living person. A hero was also something that scholars and poets liked to argue about the true definition of, but Soren knew how clear the real answer was. 



A real hero was both the fluttering red capes and the strong jaw, the calloused hands that could things much more gently than expected. The fierce determination that shone through eyes that kept everyone moving. It was the dedication to seeing a task through, a lawful mindset, and a fierce drive to protect that which was loved. Ike was the definition of a hero, a picture of him might as well be placed in the dictionary and it would solve the entire debate.



Which was why, the day Ike had fallen to his knee, his pants leg digging into the dirt ground of Soren’s tent, had been so shocking. To see this honor of a man clasping Soren’s left hand in calloused large hands that made Soren’s pulse shoot through the roof. Determined blue eyes locked onto Soren’s red, thick eyebrows pulled together in concentration. Heart palpitations increasing along with pores suddenly remembering they were capable of secreting sweat, all of Soren’s bodily functions swung into high gear. It was from there, at sunset Ike had confessed his true feelings to Soren, simple and honest love leaving his lips. Soren had fallen onto his own knees, eyes desperate and hungry, searching Ike for any trace of lie, knowing he would find none. His own words wouldn’t come at first, mouth as dry as when Ike had first given him bread. It was strange, how suddenly his ability to speak was as gone as it had been the first day they had met, where he had no words to give no matter how much he wanted to. Soren rest his head against Ike’s chest, a chest so strong and sure he never would have thought it could belong to a man who would be his. 



Soren and Ike were married as soon as the war was over, a private ceremony that only the two needed to attend. The only other person who was there was the man in charge of reading them quietly the blessings of the goddess. Soren couldn’t stop looking at Ike, eyes darting at him, wondering if there would ever show a moment of hesitation on his features. There wasn’t a single one, eyes filled with happiness, a smile tugging at his lips. And it was in that moment, Soren knew this was the greatest blessing he could have been given in life. By some miracle, this man at his side had chosen to love him, for all of his faults and misgivings, Ike was by his side.



It was later talk of children had come, in furthering the human race further. Soren knew why on an instinctual level so many people partook in the process, but it wasn’t one that ever appealed to him. Rather, it left him so scared he had to firmly grasp his wrists so his shaking would be concealed. He knew, if Ike truly wanted them, he would have them. Soren couldn’t tell him no, couldn’t find the words to say how terrified it made him. To have some freak like himself for a father would be a curse, a never ending nightmare. He would ruin the future life before it could truly even get started. Quiet and private words of encouragement from Ike were the best cure to this fear, even if it never stopped. 



It was a blessing, Soren decided when the baby was born and there was no mark to be found on it. They had chosen to artificially inseminate Mist, using Soren’s own to do the process. Ike had insisted, holding Soren while he wailed out tears into his chest, claiming his child would be the same, marked for ruin. Ike had held him, reassured him, until it all became clear. 



Soren did his best to love the child with as much care as he could but it was then the fear began to truly set in. Not fear that he couldn’t take care of the child, although that was still there, but the aforementioned fear of death that drove so many onward in their lives, in a desperate attempt to fight it. Soren wasn’t afraid for his own, but rather for Ike’s, and his own son. It was watching Ike slowly age in front of him, hair becoming peppered in grey. It was the strangers assuming both Soren and their child were Ike’s children. Ike always laughed, smile showing in his eyes, thinking it funny. Soren couldn’t stand it, they way it twisted at his stomach. He would see the entire world burn, if he could keep Ike safe and alive. It all felt