t sure if he should keep pushing father, enjoy the touch between them more, see if it could lead further… Or if he should just keep it sweet. Both were so nice, he wasn’t losing either way. But the way his brain would fog, just smelling Zelos like this… It was hard to think clearly through.

“What do you want, love?” Zelos asked, looking over from the book in his hands. Lloyd had no clue what he could even be reading at this hour. Zelos liked to act like he wasn’t interested in anything but sex and girls, and that he was nothing but shallow. It made him very hard to shop for, when his interests were like his backstory. Hard to unlock.

“Mmmm… You’re so warm.” Lloyd said sleepily into his neck. He nuzzled it lazily, enjoying the feeling on his nose. Zelos’s hair was swept up on the other side, tucked away so Lloyd didn’t pull on it without noticing.

Laughing slightly, knowing no one who wasn’t running a fever could ever be warmer than Lloyd. The boy was practically a space heater all on his own. It was very handy during the winter months, but when it was hot out Zelos needed space Lloyd didn’t like to provide during the night. Zelos couldn’t count the number of times he had fallen asleep on one side of the bed and woken up to Lloyd spooning him, arms locked like steel around him.

“Are you cold?” Zelos asked playfully.

“Not really.” Lloyd laughed a bit then, and Zelos felt warmth bloom in his chest. Lloyd was good at making him feel hot in more ways than one.

As if on cue, Lloyd ran one of his hands over Zelos’s stomach, pressing under his tanktop he had worn to bed. There was only so much of that Zelos could take, knowing if his boyfriend left his hand there he would feel sweat build up very quickly. But it did always feel so nice at first… His calloused hands always seemed to touch in the perfect places. Zelos knew it was nothing but raw talent too.

“Well alright. Don’t get too handsy.” Zelos warned, but there was no force behind it. He was sure Lloyd knew it too, which was beyond frustrating. Zelos had no idea how someone could have grown to know him so well and still manage to stand him.

Lloyd’s much too warm hand dipped down then, sliding down Zelos’s stomach and his fingertips beginning to brush beneath of his pants waistband. The skin there was way softer than the skin on top of below. Lloyd had always thought it was interesting how hairless Zelos’s chest was, and how for some reason he did that on purpose. Lloyd pushed his hand down further though, letting his fingers come to rest in the cropped hairs Zelos kept above his cock.

“Ah.” Zelos said softly, feeling Lloyd’s hands softly playing in the hair he had. Lloyd hummed gently in response. Zelos knew if he wanted to all he had to do was gently tug and Lloyd would remove his hand. Even if he would whine a bit, he would get over it quickly. Zelos felt his face heat up slightly, and tried to force his eyes to focus on the words in front of him. Lloyd shouldn’t have this much of an effect on him, he reminded himself. He had been with partners who had been much more obtuse about their desires, much more obvious. This was nothing. But… Zelos couldn’t help the flush that spread through his body this time, or any other.

Lloyd’s lips began to push harder into Zelos’s neck, getting more insistent about the attention he wanted. Zelos let out a small sigh, still for some reason trying to ignore his boyfriend. If he was being obvious, it was probably out of sheer enjoyment. The thrill of Lloyd starting things with him was always enough to make his blood race.Soft blue eyes tried to focus on the pages again, the faded color of the book blurring to his eyes. The script on the page looked like nothing but black lines, eyes completely unfocused. There was a candle lit by their bed, tall and proud. Zelos knew he shouldn't even be reading in the dark, but it was the easiest way to calm a mind before sleeping.Lloyd’s hand pressed deeper now, and he wished he wasn’t laying on his other arm. His fingertips brushed the top of Zelos’s shaft and the redhead jumped immediately. Lloyd whined gently right by his ear before biting it softly. Zelos’s entire face turned red, visible because of how near the candle and he was, glad Lloyd wasn’t looking at him. Not that that mattered, because there was no way he wouldn’t have felt the way Zelos’s cock jumped against his touch. 

Letting out a small huff, Zelos let his book close lazily shut, not caring enough to force himself to look at it. He let his chin