keep those to yourself.” Sougo replied, not looking away from the screen. Hijikata followed suit, not bothering saying anything to that, although he did feel the blood rise to his cheeks. 

After a few minutes passed and the girl had murdered some other guy, Sougo broke the silence.

“I’m cold, why is the AC down so low?” 

“Kondo is in charge of it.” Hijikata replied boredly.

“He needs to turn it up, we don’t all have as much hair as he does to keep warm.” Sougo pulled his legs onto the couch, moving to sit criss cross. 

“Shut the fuck up.” Hijikata grumbled back.

A few minutes later Sougo changed position so that his back was where he should have his butt on a couch, his legs going across the back of it and hanging off, his head dangling where his legs should be while he tried to watch the movie upside down.

“You keep doing that and all the blood is going to rush to your head and kill you.” Hijikata said, turning to glare at Sougo. Looking over at Sougo instead of the movie wasn’t really hurting anything, watching the same lady murder people was just getting boring.

“Oh no I’m fine, do you want to try it though? I bet you’ll die doing it faster than I would. Let’s test it.” Sougo looked up at Hijikata with a smirk, his eyes dancing a bit while his hair dangled off making it look like it was standing up straight. 

“You keep talking like that and I’ll hit you.” Hijikata growled back.

“Oooo, I’m so scared!!” Sougo laughed then looked back at the movie.

A few more minutes passed and then Sougo dangled off the armrest. Then he moved to sitting on the floor, then he crawled back up on the couch and gave Hijikata a very serious look.

“You need to get up.”

“Excuse me?” Hijikata replied.

“I want to sit where you are, get up, or I’ll kill you.” Sougo smiled slightly after saying the last part.

“Oh my god, I’m really going to knock your head off.” Hijikata turned away from Sougo and back to looking at the screen. The girl, Hijikata had recently learned her name was something that sounded like Chloe, was killing her mother now.

Hijikata felt movement beside him and then a pressure pushing down on the couch cushion and when he looked over Sougo was a lot closer than he had been before. Hijikata’s hands were clammy and all he could think in his mind was that Kondo was right, the house air conditioning really did need to be this cold because this room was too warm and the air too stale. 

Sougo’s eyes were locked onto Hijikata’s, a determination clear in their red tinted depths. He didn’t hesitate in his movement, continuing to put one hand in front of the other. Hijikata watched him numbly for a minute before squirming, trying to push Okita off of him. 

“Oh come on, you don’t even care where you sit, stop being a bully and let me sit there.” Okita said while Hijikata pressed his hand into his face trying to push him away.

“Like hell! I always sit here!” Hijikata yelled back.

“It’s time for a change, why are you so boring?!” Sougo grabbed Hijikata’s shirt and pulled roughly, pulling himself effectively on top of him. Hijikata moved in his spot, his body being turned slightly towards Okita in response.

“I’m not moving!!” Hijikata wrapped his right arm around the couch arm, anchoring himself solidly in place. If it came to it he was going to kick Sougo in the damn face.

“Fine, then I won’t either.” Sougo snapped back. He let his head and body relax, putting his head against Hijikata’s stomach. 

“Hand me one of those pillows that you tossed off, I want to hold something.” Hijikata grunted in response and reached his arm on the right side down from the arm of the chair to grab one of the three pillows they had tossed over. Admittedly Hijikata didn’t usually use them on the couch, it made the whole thing feel too crowded. 

“Here.” Hijikata said unceremoniously before dumping the pillow on Sougo’s face. 

“Do you have a blanket you could get me?” Okita asked, sounding a little too sincere.

“Fuck you, I’m not getting up to get you a damn blanket. If you think I’m going to move from this spot, you’ve got another thing coming.”

“Why do you suck so much?” 

Hijikata tried not to just scream in frustration in response.

They laid like that for a few minutes, Sougo curled up around a pillow while his head rested against Hijikata’s stomach while the later gripped furiously onto the couch next to him. His left hand, however, felt awkward. It was always the arm that wasn’t being used when being in contact with someone else that felt the