to pay attention with everyone…” Chrom looked for the right word to describe the discord happening right now, gesturing vaguely to the room. Cordelia was looking close to tears with how hard Donnel had stomped on her foot. She met his eyes for a moment and, for whatever reason, that seemed to make the situation worse. Turning bright red after meeting Chrom’s eyes, Cordelia all but picked Donnel up to attempt to rectify the situation. Chrom decided it was best to pay that no mind. 



Robin laughed a bit in response, watching the room unfold in just the same way. Chrom really wished Virion would say something, anything, to the room to get them to behave. Maribelle looked up from where she was dancing with Stahl as if she had half a mind to.



“You don’t need to practice, do you?” Chrom moved his eyes back to Robin after asking. 



“Me? I didn’t know I had to dance.” Robin said, a small smile pulling up the corners of his lips. Chrom held back a laugh.



“Of course you have to dance. If you have to dance, I have to dance.” Chrom put his hands on his hips, feeling like a child for a moment.



“Ah, but you’re to be Exalt, really Chrom, I should be able to bow out.” Robin waved his hand in response, doing his best to look disinterested. Chrom huffed.



“That’s enough. I’m taking you out to dance with me right now.” Chrom grabbed Robin’s hand in the moment he opened his mouth to protest. Completely dragging Robin to the opening in the floor with everyone else, Chrom put his hand to Robin’s waist.



Chrom knew how to dance, at least classically. He could waltz, and knew several other ballroom dances. Robin, as far as Chrom knew, knew nothing at all about dancing. This would have to be rectified immediately. A first dance at a wedding wasn’t meant to be literal. 



“Hand on my shoulder, and then we meet our other hands here.” Chrom held up his left hand with a small smile. There was a happiness pulling at his heartstrings that he got to be the one to teach Robin this, even if it was a small thing. 



Robin smiled in response, and Chrom’s heart sped up in response. 



“You know you’re going to step on my toes.” Robin said evenly. 



“Not if you can follow a lead. Any messups mean you just have a bad lead.” Chrom held Robin’s hand where they met further up.



“You have to have this elbow as if you could rest a book on it if you wanted.” Chrom said, eyes lighting up with mischief. Robin scoffed in response.



“Really, who even does that?” He asked, tilting his head. 



“And you will follow with your right foot.” Chrom paused to laugh. “I was told it’s because the lady is always right.” 



Robin laughed loudly in reply to that, and Chrom imagined what it would be like to capture his mouth in this moment, to feel him smiling and laughing against him. The thought rushed red to his face, public displays of affection were completely null. Chrom could never imagine he would actually do them. Even dancing, he felt like all eyes must be upon them.



“I am always right, so I suppose I’ll follow you. What next, love?” Robin asked, eyes focused on Chrom’s face. Chrom wondered if he would ever get tired of this. Thought it strange for a moment, how people ever got cold feet for their weddings. All he could do was hope the time would go faster. 



Chrom hummed in response, creating a beat from the rhythm that Virion was still calling out to the room. He stepped forward with his left foot, and Robin moved back in response. Leading him next to the left, and then the right. Robin moved easily and gracefully against him, but Chrom did notice he was rather hesitant. 



“Don’t be afraid to step on me. I’m sure I’ve suffered worse.” Chrom said fondly. He had, and it was usually Lissa’s fault. He remembered fondly those lessons, and how awful the two of them had been. 



“I’ll keep that in mind.” Robin said, laughing again.



“Now, I think you get the beginning of this. Are you ready to go in a circle?” Chrom asked.



“Wait, what do you mean?” Robin stiffened in response and Chrom let out another laugh.



“You have to turn while you waltz, it’s quite beautiful to watch from above.” Chrom began to lead Robin as they danced, hoping the other man wouldn’t notice and begin to trip himself up.



“You know, I don’t really think that’s possible.” Robin said quickly. “I don’t know much about dancing, but everyone here seems to not be doing this spinning thing. Really, Chrom, Frederick is