was a good time. There was a strange class system to this high school though that reminded Wade of every Disney channel show he had ever seen. It was stupid and belonged only in comics and fiction, not real life. It also seemed stupid to him how Harry Osborn and Peter Parker, sons of two of the richest men in New York, could be anything but worshiped as gods. Didn’t these kids want any free shit? Wade wasn’t involved with anything for the social aspect, truly. He didn’t mind when he was invited out to parties, or the cheerleaders, or really any extra attention he got from it all. But he wasn’t fond of Flash, or any of his friends. They tolerated him right back, and that was the extent of their relationship. Although, Wade was sure that was just because they were afraid he was going to skin them slowly. Which he might have told them once. Or twice. It really wasn’t that important.



So, honestly, Wade wasn’t sure why Peter didn’t like him. He wished he knew though, so he could put a stop to that as quick as possible, and of course, get started with what they could be doing next. For that to happen Peter had to text Wade back. Blegh.



Wade tapped his pencil against his desk repeatedly, doing it to an internal beat that might have been to the tune of Cherry Bomb, which he really wished he could get out of his head. His last class of the day was, thankfully, physics. It meant Wade could confront Peter in person, he’d be a lot less likely to get away then. Wait, that sounded creepy. Wade didn’t mean it in a creepy way, he just wanted Peter to be unable to run---. Okay, still not helping.



Beaten up shoes tapped against the mucked up High School laminate floors. There was just something about school floors that seemed like they could never be truly cleaned. Wade couldn’t even be assed to care watching his sneakers smack against them, even knowing they were twice as dirty. In his defense, he didn’t get new shoes all that often. Just when he grew out of the last pair. Wade would like to think he was done growing, he was taller than most of the other kids in his class and always had been. Guess height wasn’t always something that just happened, but Wade sure wished he wasn’t the only guy in his math class right now taller than 5’9”.



Blonde hair, blue eyes, squared shoulders, and standing 6’1” Wade was the picture of a handsome American white boy. He had a strong jaw and large hands that were better at things that they should be. Most guys his height in High School were more lank than they were muscle, but Wade didn’t fit in that category. He stayed in shape with football and other physical activities. He didn’t talk about it to most but in his downtime he did work out, hoping to stay in shape for when he did fitness exams for the army. It was something he had made up his mind about joining, even if he didn’t tell anyone about it. It wasn’t out of a civic duty or a need to serve his country, he was Canadian after all. Wade just knew the only thing he had ever been good at was hurting people. He had gotten into trouble in school too many times to do anything aside from fast food and the army, so he chose the later of the two. 



Pressing his forehead to the too small desk, Wade appreciated the cold surface in front of him. His legs were stretched out as far as they could go without hitting the desk of the kid in front of him. A guy who wasn’t as easy on the eyes as Peter, Wade couldn’t be assed to care enough to look up. His teacher was still rattling on. Wade could practically feel the numbers entering his head and leaving just as easily. When he tried to make sense of them they just turned around in his head and became something else, requiring to do the same project again and again and again and again. The only reason he still tried at all was because if he dropped out of school to get to work Al would get less money.



Flipping his head over to press the other cheek to the desk Wade just wanted the class bell to ring. He had no idea what the time was anymore, just that he kept feeling phantom texts and getting excited, just to find out it wasn’t anything. 



The bell, like all good things, didn’t eventually come. Ringing out Wade was out of the class in remarkable speed. Especially considering how ‘asleep’ he was moments before. Doing his best to be a good boy he went the longer way to get to class, stopping by the only vending machine that kept hot cheetos in it. He grabbed two of them and a Pepsi, before making his way back into the math and science building