or so.

“'You're lucky you're so pretty,' as Brad said,” Adam continues, “or you would have spent the night passed out on Isaac's basement floor, instead of Brad calling me to pick your ‘drunk non-ass up.’"

Tommy groans and curses Brad in his head. "Fuck, just tell me what I did."

"Apparently,” Adam says, and Tommy can tell he’s trying not to laugh, “you really wanted some Taco Bell last night."

Tommy groans again. Fuck. This isn't going to be good.

Adam’s amusement is obvious. "You went around asking everyone 'where the fuck is Taco Bell?', but no one knew. So then you tried to find it on your phone, but couldn't do it because you were so drunk. And then you asked Twitter, which, wow. Bad decision."

Oh, fucking hell. Who the fuck knows how many replies he has after that? Fuck. He shouldn’t be allowed around alcohol. Or at least not around Brad and Sutan and alcohol.

It’s going to be a nightmare dealing with that. Ugh.

But… Adam's fingers are gently combing through his hair, getting the tangles out, and it feels so good, it’s so relaxing, Tommy can't be bothered to care about fucking Twitter.

"Is that all?" he asks. Please, let that be all.

"No." Adam giggles, and Tommy knows he's screwed to hell. With his luck, of course that embarrassment isn’t all.

"Somewhere, you found a nerf gun, put it up to Brad's head, and demanded that he get you some Taco Bell, or you'd shoot him."

By the time Adam finishes speaking, he's shaking with laughter, and Tommy wants to die. The thought that he threatened to shoot Brad in the head with a fucking nerf gun is mortifying, but it’s also hilarious in the oh-my-fucking-god-did-I-really-do-that kind of way.

His pounding head isn't helping anything, either.

"Brad was not amused by that," Adam says in between bursts of laughter. "Too bad I wasn’t there to see it. You're fucking up shit creek without a paddle, baby. I don't even want to know what he's going to do to you."

Tommy whimpers. He doesn't want to know either. Brad probably only let him off the hook last night so he could draw out the torture by making Tommy wait for it. "Can't you call him off? Or maybe protect me? Distract him?"

Adam’s laughter finally dies off. “Distract him how?” he asks, tugging gently on Tommy’s hair.

“I don’t know. Make-out with him or something?”

Adam snickers. “You want me, your boyfriend if you don’t remember, to make-out with Brad, my ex-boyfriend?”

“Yep,” Tommy says, a grin curving his lips at the thought despite everything. “As long as you tell Brad that it’s in exchange for not killing me. Oh, and that's only if I get to watch.”

Tommy knows Adam rolls his eyes at that, even if he doesn't see it. “Well, he probably won’t go for that since he’s fucking Sutan these days, but I’ll try.”

Fuck, Tommy forgot about that. Shit.

"Don't worry," Adam soothes when Tommy makes a distressed sound. "He won't hurt you." He pauses. "Well, not much."

“Asshole,” he mutters. "Fuck you. Keep going like that and you won't be getting my ass for months."

Adam’s fingers tighten briefly in his hair before they go back to the gentle stroking. "Oh, honey," he says, all condescending and patronizing, "like you could go months without my cock in your ass."

What a fucking smug bastard. Tommy can't believe this. If Tommy weren't in so much pain and Adam's hands didn't feel so good on his head, Tommy'd do... well, something not nice. Maybe steal all Adam's eyeliner or something. Or delete all his Project Runway episodes from the DVR.

There’s no way Brad’s going to let this go. He’s going to do something, and Tommy already knows it’s not going to end well for him. Why did it have to be Brad? Isaac would have laughed at Tommy’s threat and taken him to Taco Bell and everything would have been fine.

Tommy’s not usually one for self-pity, but right now, all he can do is moan and say, "Fuckin’ A."

"That about sums it up," Adam agrees, much too cheerfully considering the circumstances, and Tommy wonders if he'