longer smiling but frowning, watching him warily. Tony quickly moves closer to him and somehow manages a smile. “Fine,” he says. “What are you making?”

Steve doesn’t look convinced, and Tony puts an arm around Steve’s waist. Of course, being close to Steve and touching him is never a hardship and always wanted, but feeling the coarse sweater against his skin makes Tony twitch.

“Cookies.”

Steve still sounds a bit confused by Tony's initial reaction, so Tony leans over to kiss him. Steve readily opens his mouth, and Tony only ends the kiss when he’s sure he'll leave Steve’s lips a little swollen and his cheeks flushed. Tony smiles again, and this time it’s genuine.

“Only for me, right?” he asks, glancing down at the counter and swiftly swiping some batter from the rim.

Steve laughs. “No, for everyone. Remember it’s the season of sharing.”

“Well, as long as the cookies are the only thing I have to share…" Tony breathes the words right in Steve's ear, and the embarrassed smile Steve tries to hide only makes Tony feel possessive. “C'mon," he says. "I’ll hold the bowl while you stir. I can be helpful.”

“You just want to grope me,” Steve accuses, but he’s still smiling, and Tony takes the opportunity to drop his hand down to Steve’s ass.

"Well since you offered and all," Tony says innocently, making Steve laugh again and shake his head.

Steve focuses back on the batter, and unfortunately that means Tony’s attention is once again drawn to the sweater. And even though Tony’s not sure he wants to know, he can’t ignore it. “Steve? You… got a new sweater.”

Tony’s surprised he's able to broach the topic so diplomatically; Pepper would be proud of him.

“Hmm?” Steve says distractedly, but then he flashes a quick grin at Tony. “Oh, yeah. Do you like it?”

“Um, yes. It’s, uh, nice.”

Thank god that Steve’s not looking at him anymore because Tony knows his face is showing every bit of the effort it took to utter that lie. It was considerable.

“I found it at the Goodwill store in Brooklyn for a dollar,” Steve says cheerfully as he deftly cracks an egg one-handed.

Tony barely holds in a groan. That’s a dollar too much. Still, Tony’s not so much of an ass (most of the time, anyway) that he’s going to deflate Steve’s enthusiasm with a cutting remark, not when Steve’s so happy. It’s not often that any of them get to have downtime like this and can actually relax, especially near a holiday. 

But that doesn't mean Tony's not struggling to find something nice to say. “You got a good deal, then," he eventually says, nearing wincing.

Tony can only hope that Steve’s not planning on wearing this in public. Tony can easily imagine the headlines and photos in the tabloids about America’s beloved Captain America and his “holiday spirit.” That would be the real nightmare.

And then Steve says, “Oh, I was thinking we could buy a tree this afternoon,” and all of Tony’s hope, which wasn’t much to begin with, vanishes in a puff of smoke. Tony quietly sighs, already mentally preparing himself for the ordeal, and then decides to kiss Steve again; that's always a good solution to any of Tony’s problems.

“Sure, babe,” Tony says, nipping a bit at Steve’s bottom lip as he pulls away. “Whatever you want.”

Steve’s face clearly shows his happiness at Tony’s willingness. He clearly didn't expect Tony to agree so readily. “You know,” Steve begins, a shy smile on his face, “I actually bought you a sweater, too. It was going to be a present, but…”

Oh, shit. Tony knows exactly where this is going, and he’s not sure if he’s strong enough to handle it. Steve in a holiday sweater is bad enough, and Tony didn’t think this could get worse, but now… it's too much. He’s being punished. He must be if he’s going to be forced into a holiday sweater. Tony can barely contemplate it. His reputation, the one he spent years carefully building and perfecting will be in absolute tatters after this excursion.

Tony doesn’t even want to think about the paycheck the paparazzo that gets the shot of him and Steve in the sweaters while buying a tree will score.

But Steve’s smile is devastatingly enticing and earnest, the most beautiful thing Tony's ever seen. No one is immune to it, certainly not Tony. If Steve wants them in holiday sweaters, then – Tony has to take