does. He'll admit that he may have went a little overboard with the gifts (a Marilyn Manson tee-shirt, black eye shadow and nail polish, earrings, and a necklace), but Tommy's his best friend and Adam likes buying him things. "I wanted to."

"Well, thanks," Tommy says quietly. "I love it."

"You're welcome," Adam says, but he's not paying attention to what Tommy's saying anymore. He's too distracted by how hot Tommy looks right now, all happy and smiley.

Unaware that he's moving, Adam steps closer to Tommy, staring at him.

Tommy stares back, his beautiful brown eyes wide and longing, and Adam's trapped. Dropping his gaze down to Tommy's lips, he can’t help but lick his lips. He wants to kiss Tommy so bad.

I want a kiss. My first kiss.

Tommy's birthday wish repeats itself in Adam's head, tempting him, and he leans down, lips barely an inch from Tommy's. He's ready to forget his plan and just kiss Tommy now, he's so close, when the bell rings, startling them both.

Tommy jumps back and nearly falls over. Adam reaches for him, but he backs away, eyes darting around.

"We're late," Tommy says unnecessarily. "I, uh, gotta go." Clutching his present and grabbing his backpack, Tommy slams his locker closed and practically runs away, leaving Adam standing there with a frown.

---

Adam thinks about their almost kiss all morning.

Tommy's in a lot of advanced classes, so he and Adam only share a few, but Adam watches Tommy in the ones they do have together. Tommy doesn't look at Adam once, which is strange. Usually, Tommy will catch Adam's eye a few times, either mouthing something to him or just smiling at him, but Tommy ignores him in English and gym, and even partners with Isaac for their chemistry lab, leaving Adam with Taylor.

Not that Adam doesn’t like Taylor, he's one of his best friends, but Adam's always Tommy's partner. It's like an unwritten rule. When Tommy asked Isaac to be his partner, Adam didn't miss the confused look Isaac gave him before he agreed. It hurts that Tommy rejected him like that, especially today.

And now at lunch, Tommy won't look at him, let alone talk to him, and when Adam finally gets his attention, Tommy just quickly looks away again. It's so awkward, and even Taylor, Isaac, and Allison can tell something's up between him and Tommy, but they don't say anything.

It sucks.

Adam would swear that Tommy wanted to kiss him this morning, and he knows they would have kissed if the bell hadn't rung, so he wonders what the deal is.

Is Tommy embarrassed? Nervous? Freaked? Glancing up at Tommy again, Adam sees him staring down at his lunch, picking at his food.

Frustrated, Adam turns away from him and asks Isaac about his new camera.

---

Adam's annoyed and irritated the rest of the day, and he almost gets detention for 'smart mouthing' his French teacher.

When the final bell rings, Adam's so relieved he can't get out of the classroom fast enough. It was awful being so out of sync with Tommy, and Adam can barely stand it. He just wants to go home and sulk.

Scowling, he throws his unneeded textbooks into his locker and shoves the ones he needs into his backpack.

He was so stupid.

Looking at his locker door, he sees Tommy's drawing of them laughing with their arms over each other's shoulders, and he has to blink against tears.

They've been best friends since they were in third grade, and now Adam's convinced he screwed it up – what if Tommy's uncomfortable around him?

When they first met, Tommy was so cute and shy that Adam couldn't help but want to be his best friend. That afternoon at recess, Adam went over to him and asked Tommy if he wanted to share his dessert, his mom's delicious chocolate chip cookies. Tommy blinked at him a few times, like he was surprised someone was talking to him, before he smiled and took the offered cookie.

Since then, they've been inseparable, and Adam will never forgive himself if Tommy doesn't want to be his friend anymore.

He leans his forehead on his locker. Maybe he'll bang his head against it a few times. That might make him feel better.

"Adam?"

Adam whips around at the soft voice. "Tommy…"

He looks terrible. Adam hasn't seen Tommy since lunch, and he has no idea what happened to make him look like this. His eye shadow, normally perfect and precise, is smudged and his hair is in complete disarray, as if he ran