-- his mother's voice echoed at him out of memory.

"How can you doubt my love for you?"

The words shot through Richard's heart like flaming arrows.  He wanted this.  He was, at heart, and in spite of everything he thought of himself, a romantic.  But he wanted more not to be used, not to be manipulated.

"What are you offering?"  He sat.  It was conciliation, but a small one.  He did not pick up the goblet before him.  His arms were crossed over his chest.

"My love isn't enough?"  The smooth façade never cracked and Richard realized how easy it had always been for this man to lie to him.

"Not anymore."

"I'm offering to make you King."

"I will be King."

"With my help."

"I don't need you."  It wasn't true, of course, and even in his arrogance Richard realized this.  With France as an ally, Richard would be stronger than Henry and Richard was tired of waiting for the old man to die.  He had work to do, work that he could not do if he was constantly bound to England.  And he was bound-- through fear of losing what he had if he stepped away for even a moment.

He hated England, but he needed her riches because he had plans that far surpassed the glory of king and country-- he strove for the glory of God.  In his mind the battlefields of Jerusalem rose up before him and he saw the Saladins fleeing before his shining armies.  And he saw, strangely, Philip by his side.

"Where have you gone?"

Richard's eyes refocused on the man before him and saw an unsettled expression on Philip's face.  Philip was used to commanding all of Richard's attention, and was uneasy when he didn't get it.  Richard observed Philip, revealing nothing.

Philip stood slowly and moved around the table toward Richard.  He was startlingly beautiful, like a lean exotic cat.  Richard watched him, unmoving as he approached.  Philip reached out a hand, placing a palm to Richard's roughened cheek and Richard flinched visibly away from the touch.

"I never meant to hurt you," said Philip.

"I don't know what is real anymore," Richard answered.  Then, for any excuse to unlock his eyes from Philip's penetrating gaze, he picked up his goblet and drank, feeling the burn of the brandy wine and remembering another time.  An eternal, silent moment passed.  Then, Philip slowly took the cup from Richard's unresisting hands and clasped them tightly in his own.

"This," he said squeezing the calloused palms, "is real.  Look at me."  Richard did.

"A chancred whore?" he said mildly.

Philip knelt beside him.  "You remember the words?"  His face showed something new then, something Richard had not seen before; he saw sorrow, regret and even pity in those intense blue eyes.  He wondered if it was real and he wondered if he wanted it.

He pushed his chair back and, disentangling his hands from Philip's grasp, rose to his feet.  Philip rose with him and the two men faced each other, slightly breathless with emotions both hidden and revealed.

"You loved Geoffrey," Richard stated.  It was not a question.

"Not like this," Philip slid a hand behind Richard's neck and pulled him close.  Their lips met with a sting of recognition.  Richard responded slowly at first, and then with a building ferocity.  He clutched at the other man, ravaging his mouth with his own, striving for and attaining dominance through the violence of the kiss.

His hands were already fumbling at Philip's trousers.  A great need was on him, pressed forward by four years of unfulfilled longing.  He was not inclined to be patient.

"Not here," Philip gasped, trying to extricate himself from the stronger man's embrace and glancing meaningfully toward the closed but unlocked doors of the chilly room.

"Here," said Richard, pulling Philip back toward him.  "And now.  Those are my terms."  He spun the unresisting Philip around, pushing him forward to lie across the table.  Resting one hand on the man's slender hip, he used the other to shove down Philip's trousers, reveling in the touch of Philip's soft skin beneath him.  He leaned forward.  "Do you want me?" he breathed the words into Philip's ear.

"Find out for yourself," Philip managed.

Richard reached for and found the evidence of Philip's desire, smooth and hot against his palm.  Richard stroked roughly, and Philip groaned and twisted beneath him.

In days gone by, Richard had always been gentle with Philip.  But now he was alive with past hurts and the need to punish, and Philip made no protest as Richard pressed him down onto the table, shoving the younger man's legs quickly apart with his own.  He fumbled quickly at the fastenings of his trousers, letting them drop to free his own penis, leaking