"I'll tell Sling his gang has a new sharpshooter."



News beamed. "I told you so, Butch. Didn't I tell you so?"



"Yeah, News, you told me so." Butch looked over at the kid, who stood with his arms folded, a small, satisfied smile on his young face. "You got a name, kid?"



The kid opened his mouth, too quickly, then thought better of it. "Sundance," he said finally.



Butch's eyes narrowed thoughtfully. "Sundance, Wyoming. So you are that one."



The kid didn't answer.



"All right, then," Butch said. "Sundance. You got any bags?"



"Just one."



"That's fine. You can dump it in this here Hole in the Wall. News will show you where." The kid nodded and turned to follow News. "Oh, and kid?"



"Yeah?"



Butch grinned at him. "Grow a beard or a mustache or something, willya? You'll never be taken seriously looking like you're fifteen years old."



The Sundance Kid grinned back. "If you say so, Butch."

 





The first time the Kid got himself into trouble, he came to Butch. He shook the older man awake in the middle of the night. "Butch. Hey, Butch."



"What is it? Go away. Can't a man get his hard-earned sleep around here?"



"Butch, Sling's dead."



Butch sat straight up in bed. "What the hell?"



"I shot him."



Butch stared at him for a second. He slowly ran a hand across his face. "All right, Sundance," he said calmly. "Tell me what happened."



Sundance swallowed hard. "We was arguing over a game of cards. Sling insulted me. He called me a cheater, Butch. You know I don't cheat at cards."



"I know. So you shot him?"



"I guess I did."



"Okay," Butch said. He leaned back, looking out the window. The sky was going grey with the half-light just before dawn. "Sling always said anyone could challenge him as gang leader. So you challenged him and you beat him, fair and square. Congratulations, kid. You're head of Hole in the Wall now."



But Sundance was shaking his head. "I'm too new. I don't wanna be head of the gang. Anyway, as soon as Harvey gets back in, he'll kill me, him and the other guys. They don't like me. They don't trust me yet."



"Huh," Butch said. He scratched the back of his neck. "So what do you think I can do about it?"



"You're the brains," Sundance said with a small smile. "You're smart enough to run this gang, you just didn't want to challenge Sling. You want Harvey to be chief of this place? He's next in line, right?"



Butch blinked. "Ah. I see. All right, you weren't gonna let me go back to sleep anyway." He stood, stretching. "So I killed Sling, right? I challenged him and I beat him."



"Fair and square," Sundance said.



"You're my witness, right Sundance?"



"That's right. I saw the whole thing."



"Okay," Butch said. "We'd better go tell the other boys about the change in management."



Sundance let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding. "Thank you, Butch. I owe you one."



Butch shot him a piercing look. "I won't let you forget it, Sundance."



When Harvey rode back in later that afternoon, News told him about Sling and the gang's new leadership. Harvey's fists clenched at his sides. "Says who?" he growled.



News swallowed nervously. "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid," he said.



It was the first time their names were ever said together in the same breath like that, and it sounded mighty fine. Harvey ground his teeth a bit, but he didn't say another word. It wasn't until years later that he tried to challenge Butch, and, well, that didn't work out too well for Harvey.

 





Sundance first saw Etta at a social dance in her town. She wasn't a very good dancer, but her hair was long and flowing and she smiled with her eyes.



Two days later, he talked her into bed with him.



Two days after that, he introduced her to Butch. Butch gave her an all-too-obvious once over, and smiled appreciatively. "Pleased to make your acquaintance, Miz Etta."



She lifted her chin haughtily. "This is the sort of trash you run around with, Sundance?" But her eyes were smiling.



Butch clapped a hand dramatically over his heart. "She wounds me, Kid! She