which she, like, never does anymore. And by the time her first print starts getting clear, she's feeling pretty good.

Except ... wait a second.

Fuck, this isn't right. This shot was supposed to, like, demonstrate the futility of self-reflection. You know, fucked-up navel-gazing, but intentionally ironic fucked-up navel-gazing. Instead it just looks like she's trying way too hard not to smile, and it's making her face look all scrunched up. Or, even, just plain stupid.

Well, maybe it's just the one shot.

But then she tries nine more negatives, and it's the same with all of them. She's always making some dumb face. Which is really weird, because she lined up the mirror before the shoot, just like that pretentious Peterson book said to do, so she knew exactly what her face looked like every single time she clicked the shutter, and she'd been pretty fucking sure at the time that she hadn't looked like that. She'd looked ironic. Not this lame pseudo-insecure shit that's showing up in the prints.

Screw it, she's just going to have to shoot the whole thing over again. In color, this time. Anyway, nothing ever looks real in black and white anymore. That's for amateurs, kids who're still obsessed with the whole concept of contrast. Like, ooh, darkness, how original.

But either way, she has to finish this set or it's just a waste of paper. So she dumps the last print in the stop bath and squirts hypocheck into the fixer.

It's cloudy.

Fuck. And the idiot lab guy's probably passed out somewhere. She'll have to change it herself, which blows, because she hates lifting up that huge fucking tray.

But she does it anyway, and she's in the middle of tilting it at just the exact angle to pour the bad fixer back into the pitcher without spilling when the door bangs open and Anita comes in, shouting, "Hey, loser, hurry the fuck up so we can get out of here!"

"God, fuck you, Anita!" Claire loses her grip on one side and the fixer splashes out of the tray. Some of it goes down the drain, which is bad, and the rest splashes onto Claire's tank top, which is a lot worse. "Fucking fuck!"

"Oh, ew." Anita hops up onto the empty enlarger table next to Claire's and drops her purse on the floor. "I hate that stuff."

"Fuck it." Fuck, it's cold, and now she's going to stink for the rest of the day. "Well, yeah, 'cause it's not actually supposed to go on your fucking clothes. Jesus fuck."

"Yeah, well. Just hurry the fuck up, I want to get out of here." Anita lights a cigarette, which is just so disgusting with all the chemicals in there, and the room's all small and dark and claustrophobic, and now Claire's just getting pissed.

"Okay yeah, whatever, just ? wait outside, okay? It's hard enough to breathe in here as it is." Claire waves her hand around in front of her face to emphasize Anita's grossness. Anita waves her hand around in a really pathetic imitation of Claire, and wow, Claire always forgets how annoying Anita is until she goes and does something like that. And then, after she's done with the stupid posturing, Anita finally goes outside and Claire's alone in the lab again.

God, she's totally coated in this stuff. She can hardly breathe. She's never going to be able to wear this shirt again, which sucks, because she really liked it. Claire holds her breath and peels it over her head, trying not to let it touch her hair, and goes to rinse it out over the sink. She wrings it through a bunch of times, but that smell's definitely not going away any time soon. And now on top of reeking like some fourth-grade science fair project, now her bra's going to show through and she's going to look like some sorority skank. And Russell will spend all day trying to fucking sniff her.

She winces and pulls the soaking wet shirt back on just as Anita stomps back in, still puffing away. "Did you think I was fucking kidding? I said come on, let's go, I'm fucking bored."

Fucking Anita, God. "Yeah, so, you know, you really aren't supposed to smoke in here."

Anita snorts. "Okay, Mom. Call the lab cops on me, why don't you. Jesus."

Claire scrubs her face with the back of her hand. Which, it turns out, is a bad idea, since she's still wet from the sink, but