Samael thinks this must be how Duma laughs.

"I'm just trying to make the point that fulfilling your function does not mean imprisoning yourself in its definition. You could speak, and still preside over Silence."

Tilting his head quizzically, Duma widens his smile and then turns, looking back across the plaza, over the fountain.

"Why do you do it, then, Duma?" Samael asks, reaching out to touch Duma's shoulder. "Why do you stay silent in His Name? You're fulfilling your function beyond its definition, but why? I suppose you think it brings you closer to Him, to be this subservient to His Will." Duma stares at Samael, expressionless. "I suppose you think it will protect you, don't you? If He strikes down against the voices of dissent, even if you harbor minor blasphemies, how can He punish you, if you do not speak amongst those who disfavor the Lord?"

Samael pulls away from Duma, shaking his head, and stray curls of gold fall against his cheekbones.

"You are a coward, Duma." Samael's eyes are full of fire. "You believe you are fulfilling your duties, when instead you are escaping them. You choose to stay silent, and so you cannot add your voice to ours; you cannot speak your approval or objection."

Duma reaches out, and his fingertips are cold on Samael's cheek. His smile is gentle, and sad.

"You, I—" Samael pauses, carefully pulling Duma's hand from his face, cupping it between his own. "I do not understand." 

Lifting one hand, Duma points across the sky, toward the outer spires of the City, where some of the Host keep their living quarters. Samael feels the warmth of Duma's fingers curled between his own, and he nods his consent.

"Show me, Duma."

--

The room is a cell high in a tower, and the entrance is a simple archway, gilded with silver and covered by empyreal glass. Duma moves through it effortlessly, and the light bends and shifts around his frame, opening and closing again. Samael follows him, shivering at the cold touch of ether on his skin.

Duma's living quarters are spartan; he is an Angel, insubstantial, without need for shelter or sustenance, neither sleep nor companionship. His existence is defined by the Creator, the same as all angels.

"What is it you wish to show me?" Samael asks, examining the room curiously. There are shelves jutting from walls, swooping down and curving to meet the floor or ceiling, ledges formed from silver and stone.

A silver box rests on one of these shelves, carefully constructed and adorned with filigree. Duma picks it up, and place it in Samael's outstretched hands.

"It's a box."

Duma fixes him with a stare, one that suggests Samael's statement is less than intelligent. He reaches over and opens the container, and takes a step back.

The light flickers on Samael's face, illuminating his expression of surprise. Inside the box is a glowing sphere, condensed to the size of an apple; it glimmers against the silver, the inner flame subdued and gentle, the surface rippling with color.

Samael looks up, and meets Duma's eyes. "May I?"

Duma waves his hand, smiling.

When Samael's hand finally touches the sphere, he finds it to be slightly sticky; the luminescence coats his fingertips like water. He isn't sure what to expect, but after a moment, the sound hits him: a thousand voices, rising and falling in unison, climbing to a deafening octave. 

Samael is so startled that he drops the box, and is even more startled to find Duma is there to catch it. He closes it, silently, and sets it back on the shelf, his back turned and wings tucked tightly against his body.

"What was it?" If Samael's voice sounds strained, he takes no notice. "It was us, wasn't it? The Host. All of our prayers, our monologues. It was every word we wanted to say, but replaced with silence."

Duma nods, wings sagging.

Samael shudders, folding his arms across his body. He feels violated, betrayed, although he cannot pinpoint exactly why.

"I'm in there," he says, finally, when the silence becomes too heavy. Duma finds comfort in it, of course, but now Samael finds the quiet of the room disturbing. 

Duma nods again.

"Have you shown this to anyone else?"

Duma shakes his head, then turns and meets Samael's gaze.

The memory of those unspoken words, whispered and screamed, woven from hatred and love simultaneously, is too much for Samael to bear. He closes his eyes and presses his face against the wall, reveling in the chill of the stone, trying to ground himself in something tangible.

Duma's touch is light and feathery, but it startles Samael regardless, and he spins around in surprise and anger, swatting the