we' no longer included him. That it had not, in fact, for years. "Safer that way."



The words 'for who?' rose bitter on Frank's tongue and he swallowed them down. "You see your mom?" he asked instead, because Virginia's absence was too conspicuous to go unacknowledged.



A line appeared between Bayliss' eyebrows. "Yeah, she's, ah. She's not feeling so great. We talked on the phone." He cocked his head and relocated his smile. "How's Mary?"



Frank nodded like the question was yes-or-no. "She sends her love."



Mary had also sent two dozen Christmas cookies wrapped in a red and green plaid cloth and tucked tidily into a small brown basket, which was still sitting on the passenger seat of Frank's Toyota. Frank was starting to regret leaving them there, but the gesture had seemed so pitiful.



"The kids?" added Bayliss, and Frank had already reached up towards his breast pocket. He pulled out a piece of paper, folded four times, and slid it across the table. 



Livvy had done the drawing on her last day of preschool before the Christmas break. In it there was a dark-haired man with peach Crayola skin standing next to a Christmas tree. The man was considerably taller than the tree. The words 'merry Crismis Time' were scrawled across the top of the page in huge wobbly print.



Bayliss looked at the paper for nearly a minute. "She must be getting big, huh?"



The corners of Frank's mouth pulled back into a grin or grimace and he leaned back slightly in the uncomfortable chair, reaching into his pants' pocket. He retrieved a small glossy Sears studio photograph of Livvy and Frank Junior in their matching red velvet Christmas outfits and handed it to Bayliss. The same picture had been tucked into each Pembleton family Christmas card. Bayliss held it as long as he had stared at the drawing, then hesitantly held it out to Frank, his hand not quite making it halfway across the table, as though he expected to be told to keep it. Frank might have done just that, but there was no one else in this place he would want looking at pictures of his children, segregated or not.



"Mary wants to take them with us to midnight mass," said Frank, tucking away the photo. "I say they'll either sleep or scream straight through it and either way they'd be better off with her parents."



Bayliss exhaled loudly through his nose and shrugged his shoulders slightly, an aborted attempt at a chuckle. "You know, I. I've actually been going to the Catholic service here."



Frank blinked and leaned forward again. He ran the tip of his tongue across his upper teeth. "Let me guess. Altar boy?"



This time the laugh made it out of Bayliss and he shook his head. "No, I'm serious. Every Sunday. Jess started me going, really, and it stuck."



There was something to that, that name dropped so casually. Frank was surprised he could still tell. "Jess? She's what, your -- penpal? Is it a Sisters of Charity thing or something?"



Bayliss' smile faded but his tone grew no colder. "Jess? No. Jess, uh. He's my -- neighbor."



Frank hunched his shoulders, looked down at the table and cupped his forehead, then moved his hand down to cover his eyes. "Christ. Tim." Looking up, he leaned far across the table, lowering his voice. "You can't let yourself get caught up in -- that. How does that look to a parole board? You're up in, what, six months?"



"Eight." Bayliss' voice went hollow. "If it looks like a reason to -- they won't need it. They're setting an example with me. Makes sense, I think. I mean. Haven't I always been one?"



"You were," said Frank slowly, his mouth curling deliberately around the words. "You were... a fine example."



A sharp snort from Bayliss. "No, that's not -- I was a walking don't ad. Don't get personally invested in cases, look at Bayliss. Don't mix up your beliefs and your sexuality and the job, look at Bayliss. At least," he added, with a weak attempt at a smirk, "don't do it on the internet."



"Make damned sure your partner isn't gonna freeze on you," Frank deadpanned. "Look at Bayliss."



Bayliss hit him with a square look. "Even if I did blame you for that, you can't outguilt me, Frank. There's a reason Catholicism is working for me. I wasn't -- I just wasn't made for peace of mind. I've always been pretty big on contrition. You know that."



Frank pursed his lips. "If it doesn't bring you any peace you