beneath a branch and into the clearing proper.


!THUNK!


A long-bladed knife flew past him into the tree to his left. Gamling cocked his head to the side before sliding a glance at the thrower and yanking the still vibrating knife free from the tree. “Hate me so much little one, you’d see me dead?”

“NO!” Petulance rose from the voice in the shadows. “I just want to be left alone.” Gamling turned the knife, offering the handle to his daughter. She took it from him and resheathed it. 

“One never knows what roams the Riddermark. Mountain men, Orcs…” He allowed his voice to trail off as he settled in the dirt on the other side of the tree, his back to hers. He couldn’t see her; she couldn’t see him… both separated by a tree and forthy summers of experience and attitude. 

Lots of attitude.

He removed his riding gloves and tucked them in his belt.

“I can take care of myself. There are no Orcs here! You can go back to Edoras and tell Ma… Mother… I am fine!”

The Rider grimaced at his daughter’s tone and shuddered. This wasn’t going to be easy. He forced himself to relax as he pulled the saddlebags that were slung over his shoulder onto his lap. “That won’t be a problem,” he tried hard to sound jovial. “Of course I would be happier if you had her morningstar with you, but that little knife you have will be very effectual against a group of mountain men, I’m sure.”

“DA!” He heard both fists hit the ground. 


***hehe…don’t forget I diapered your butt and sat on Éomer King’s throne singing you our history before you were a day old! Okay, you were a week old before I diapered your butt but I still diapered it!***


“I’ll just have a bite to eat before I go. Oh, look,” he exclaimed, over-brightly. “There is roast beef. Roast beef on fresh sour dough bread!”

“Roast Beef? Fresh sour dough?” He heard gravel roll and saw the shadow of her head peek around the tree. “Is there spicy mustard?”

Gamling made a great, noisy show of digging through the bags. “Aye. Spicy mustard and… oh look. Apple wine. Enough for two.”

There was the sound of scuttling and out of nowhere, Léoma plopped down next to him. She had Aefre’s deep brown Gondorian eyes and Gamling’s wild red hair, which she struggled to keep in a braid. She inherited his sisters’ long, lean legs and already at age fifteen summers, looked her mother in the eye. Truth be told, the ancient Riders said she favored Gamling’s mother, who in her younger years would turn a man’s head so fast, it would snap their necks. What his father did to capture her in marriage was downright under-handed. “I’m not allowed the apple wine. Ma… Mother said not yet.” She sighed, very heavy and very dramatically. “Sometimes, I think she thinks I’m still a baby.”

He passed her the wine skin. “Little sips,” he ordered, although he doubted the wine had any if much potency at all. “And don’t tell. Your grandmother still treats me like a baby! It’s what mothers do.” He took the wine skin from her and took a drink. 


***BAH! WINE MY ARSE!  APPLE WATER!!!! WheretospitwheretospitohBémaI’llswallow!GAAAAAH! ***


The two removed the wrapped roast beef and bread and proceeded to make sandwiches.   Léoma continued to sip the watered down apple wine. It eventually had the desired affect on her fifteen summers system.

“It’s so peaceful and quiet here.”

“Not at all like Edoras.”

“No. Not like Edoras. Da?” Léoma’s head was leaning on his shoulder and he tucked her under his arm when she wiggled closer. “How do you know when you’re in love?”


***aha! An Elf! I knew it! Dréogan has another run left in him! I’ll put his war standards and armor on, we’ll run the poncy thing down, ground him into the dirt…***


“Sweetheart,” Gamling began after a pause, “you might as well ask me how does the earth turn. Why does the sun rise and how does the moon wax and wane. I know none of these things. I’m just a simple Rider.”

“No!” Léoma jerked up, eyes wide, looking into his. “You’re not just a Rider! You’re a Marshal of the Riddermark! Théoden King’s right hand man-”


*** I know I know I am so awesome***


“-Éomer King considers you his trusted advisor! I heard him say so when he introduced you to the Elves! You’re my Da! You know everything!”

There was a lump in Gamling’s throat and for the life of him; he