for the safety of his wife and his family. As the caverns expanded within Erebor, there was less true damage, and simply a mess. Thorin entered the Throne room in time to see his Thrór tip the Arkenstone from above his seat and cuddle it to him, much like a small babe. 


Of course, he would retrieve the Arkenstone, that which gave us the right to rule. Whoever held it held the kingship. Without it, we could not hold the Seven Armies to their oaths. It was the only thing besides Dwarves that was worth coming back for. With it, we can call aid to remove this beast!


Except instead of pocketing the jewel and running to safety with the brightly-glowing gem, Thrór ran down behind the throne and towards his personal vault.

Where the dragon was also heading.  

Thorin yelled, but his voice, powerful that it was, was lost in the sounds of screaming and roaring. In the back of his mind, Thorin knew that many lives were lost that day, but he couldn't dwell on that right that moment. 

The dragon reached the vault moments before Thrór did, plunging in with the joy of a child in a pool of water. 

The walls and ground shook as the dragon dove into the treasure, flinging all that Thorin's grandfather coveted and stacked so neatly, into the air, knocking the elder dwarf flat on his stomach, causing him to lose his grip on the precious crystal he held so tightly.

Thorin ran in behind him, in time to see the glowing orb bounce down onto what had been the floor and disappear in a moving river of gold. 

Seeing that his grandfather was about to dive in after it, Thorin grabbed him around the waist and pulled him backwards, out of the chamber and into the corridor.

"But the Arkenstone-"

"We know where it is." Thorin pulled him through the smoky hallway. "We'll come back when he's not looking. When he's not expecting us. When we have reinforcements." He entered the Throne Room, mindful of the refuse of dwarves still running for their lives through the flaming ruin of the front gate. He saw death, bodies.

In the haze of smoke and dust, he saw his own father dazed, thrown against the wall. 

Dwalin and Balin were heading towards him. "Help the King. Get him to safety." He passed the now befuddled dwarf to his friend and shoved them towards the door. "Take him to the caves. I'm following." As soon as they headed towards the gate, Thorin looked back, making sure the dragon was not behind them. Thorin prayed to Mahal that the toothed wyrm would be content to play in his ill-gotten wealth for a time, while the Dwarven army recouped. He then went to his father, pulling him to his feet.

Thráin's sight had not been the same since losing an eye to an orc during Thorin's first orc hunt. He didn't let it slow him down, but Thorin knew at times he had problems focusing, discerning distance. Throwing an arm around his shoulder and grabbing the dwarf by the waist, he pulled him up and headed through the Front Gate. 

It was chaos. Sheer and utter chaos. Warriors were carrying children, little ones who weren't theirs, females were wailing, looking in horror at the destruction behind them in Erebor and ahead at Dale.

Dale was destroyed, in ruins. On fire. There would be no refuge there. Men from the city were meeting, congregating at the foot of the mountain. Several were pointing in many directions, brigades of them at the wells, pulling water, throwing it on a fire they could not contain. Some were armed. 

Many were injured. 

And then Thranduil and his Elves showed up on the rise. 

Looked.

And left. 

In that moment, Thorin knew Erebor was lost and his hate for the elves grew to infinite proportions and began to fester in ways that no one being should hate.





~~~...~~~



So few survivors. So very few.

As Thorin rounded up his people, Frerin joined him, in aid, to help. 

"Gin?" 

"In the caves." The young dwarf was breathless, bent over. In the years to come, Thorin would remark to himself how much Fili would look like him. "I got mother and Dís out and met Gin coming through the west gate."

"She was in the garden. Of course." Better she was outside, away from that flying lizard, than in the bedlam within the Lonely Mountain. Wailing rose up, interrupting the discussion between the brothers. 

Standing next to a smoldering house was a man, throwing water on the fallen, smoking beams. He turned an ash-darkened face and saw Thorin and Frerin. "Please, master dwarf. My wife and son... please."

Unable to deny aid, much less tell him there was no way anyone could live through such, the two went to assist the man. In the end, a small boy, clinging to life was found, under his mother who had not been so fortunate