patches showing in the fields. “You have been more than generous! It is our intention to dower her with most of the upper fields that belong to Gamling and leave all of his property to her.”

“I am aware that you are not attempting to fleece me, Wudurose. I suppose I will just have to gift Gamling with more property.”

“ÉOMER!” Her voice was a growl and it made me laugh out loud.  She waited until I finished laughing at her distress. “That is not nice!” 

“What was not nice was you leaving without a word,” I countered. “You took my son and hid him from me.” I watched as her face fell. “Why did you run?”

“Surely you-”

“Surely I suspect. Surely, I have a gut feeling, surely I have reasoned it out, but surely I want to hear it from you.” I reached over and took her reins. “Why did you run? Why did you hide our son from me?”

Her jaw flapped several times. I did not think she was at a loss for words, simply felt she was trying to find them. “Because I feared what you would do. Because I feared you would take him from me. Because I feared your queen. What woman wants her husband’s bastard-“

“He is not that!” I cut her off with a chop of my hand. “He is just as much my son as Elfwine or any of my other children are. Never call him that.”

“To you,” she continued softly, “he is not. And for that, I am grateful. But to the world, he is. He is, Éomer. How would your queen feel if she knew that the very product of a love affair you had before her, lived beneath her nose? What would you have done?” It was quiet as she searched me, as I searched my mind. “I feared you would ask me to be your mistress and I knew I was too weak to say no. I knew if I stayed, you would be rent in two, your wife and queen would hate me. I fear her, Éomer. I fear her wrath. Still. Eventually, you would have to choose or you would hate us both.” With this pronouncement, her eyes welled up in tears. “People would know who he was, who he belonged to. They would… say things. Hurtful things, hateful things. I could deal with them talking about me, which they did before you married. But I would hurt someone if they said those things to my son or about him.”

I put my hand over hers. “I would not allow-”

“They would still say them, Éomer. Under their breath, in the quiet of their homes, in my ear, in Edric’s ear.” Her voice was softer now, almost a whisper. “Anything we gained, they would say came from you. Every bite of food, every bit of land, every seed was not ours, but whore-money. I would not have him grow up like that. I needed to protect him.” Her hand was now engulfed in both of mine and she stared, focused on my signet. “Esolhætt is bad. Imagine him ten-fold, a hundred-fold. His cousin, before he died from a horse that kicked him, was worse. 

“Edric grew up with friends, real friends, who liked him because he was Edric, not because he was the king’s son. Tondhere took him under his wing, because he was a young boy in need of guidance, in need of an occupation, one who loved the heat of the smithy, not because he was the king’s son. I ran, to hide him and to protect him from spite. I wanted him to have a normal childhood.” She swallowed painfully and pulled her hand from mine and then covered it with her own. “I did not run to spite you. I ran to protect us and give us a chance. To give us a new start and you one as well.”

For many minutes, we stared at each other, years of questions, pain falling away. Finally, we began our journey. 

“Tell me of my son.” 

Wudurose whistled between her teeth. “Nineteen summers, Éomer. That is a lot of talking.”

“I will listen.” 

There was a smile about her face, one I recognized. “Surely Gamling has told you much.”

“Surely Gamling has told me little and I had to pester him to retrieve what limited amount he told me.” The scent of lingering smoke was in the air and we both began to move faster.

“He bragged on Edric that much?” 

I burst out laughing. Gamling was the most reticent, close-lipped Rider I knew. That he would say anything about either of his children...

The thought once sprung, was immediately clamped, much like a bear trap. It certainly resonated within me as such. It was a painful realization. Gamling certainly had much more to do with the raising