Shh,” said Jack, stroking his hair. “You’re being silly.”

“S’why I want the tat. So’s I’ll always have somethin’… somethin’ tha’s part of you, for when you’re gone.” Sawyer tilted his head back and looked up at him then, and Jack’s heart tightened at how beautiful he was, his features painted with the bright and dark of nighttime shadow. “That way I’d always have you,” Sawyer mumbled, his eyes falling closed. “Always, always, always.”

Jack leaned in and kissed him tenderly. “It’s okay,” he said. “We’ll talk about this later.”

“Don’ need to talk ‘bout it,” Sawyer muttered. “Jus' wanted you t’know. Tha’s why.”

“Okay,” Jack said. Sawyer settled in against him with a sigh. His body was warm and slack, leaning heavily onto Jack’s. He smelled of hash and cigarettes and liquor, but Jack could still make out the faint aroma of coconut, the scent of Sawyer’s shampoo, a scent that always gave him a strange, not unwelcome feeling of déjà vu.

“I’m not leaving you,” he whispered into Sawyer’s ear, but Sawyer was asleep.

*

“Right here.” Jack’s fingertips found the midpoint between the dimples at the small of Sawyer’s back. Warm water cascaded over sculpted muscle and bronzed skin as Jack traced the imaginary star's five points with his fingernail. Sawyer turned to look at him over his shoulder. Jack trailed his hand from one dimple to the other. “I love this place. It’s so beautiful. Put your star here.”

“Your star, Jack,” Sawyer corrected. He leaned forward, resting his palms against the tiled wall of the shower, pushing back against Jack’s hand. His ass brushed Jack’s erection, and he pushed back again, insistently this time.

Jack went to his knees, pressing a kiss just to the left of Sawyer’s spine. “One here, for you. And one here,” he said, moving to the right. "For me."

*

Sawyer lay on his stomach on the table. His eyes were closed and Jack thought he looked as though his mind was somewhere very far away. The buzz of the tattoo needle filled the room.

His jeans were unfastened, pulled down low on his hips, revealing the pale skin that was usually only Jack’s to see. White paper towels were tucked into the waistband and lying over the denim to catch any random spray of ink or blood, the smooth expanse of his back bared to the needle. Jack had asked him again on the way there if he was sure, if he was absolutely certain it was what he wanted.

But he was. Sawyer assured him of that again, patiently and quietly, as he had every time Jack had asked.

Sawyer’s hand was tight around his, but he exhibited no other sign of pain or nerves. Jack sat beside him, watching his face. His mouth was open just a bit and Jack could hear him breathing in the pauses between buzzing. His cheeks were flushed and glowing with a fine patina of sweat, his lashes fluttered but his eyes didn’t open. There was a vertical crease in his forehead, the same one that appeared when he was about eight moves away from checkmate. A single lock of gold hair hung down across his face. Jack wished he’d open his eyes, so he could see what was going on inside his head as the needle drilled the first of the blue five-pointed stars into his skin.

Sawyer gasped quietly and his hand tightened around Jack’s, crushing his fingers together.

“Hurt?” Jack asked. He leaned forward in the chair so his mouth was almost touching Sawyer’s hair.

“Mmm-hmm.” Jack watched Sawyer’s lower lip whiten where he was biting it. When he released it the skin reddened. He could see two indentations from Sawyer’s teeth. Jack fought down the urge to lick over the full pink flesh and feel those little dips under his tongue.

Sawyer didn’t say anything else. Whatever he was feeling, he was keeping it to himself.

Jack glanced up at the guy wielding the needle. His name was Bas, he was covered in tattoos, he spoke perfect English and he was not the type to raise an eyebrow at two guys holding hands and whispering in each other’s ears while he did his work. But then, thought Jack, there wasn't much that people in Amsterdam would be likely to raise an eyebrow at.

Bas caught his eye. “He okay?”

Jack nodded. “He’s fine.” Sawyer didn’t say anything, but gave Jack's hand a squeeze.

Jack lost track of time. His mind drifted from Sawyer and what he might be feeling to his own experiences under the needle to the places they’d been to their plans for tomorrow. Tomorrow was about