smells of sweat and soap and whatever he’s got slicked in his hair and some spicy scent that makes Johnny think of incense. Sandalwood, patchouli, something like that. Figures Viggo would smell like a hippie.

His hands clutch at Viggo’s back, trying to bring him closer, but Viggo’s sitting up, shrugging out of that annoying jacket of his and pulling off his tie and unbuttoning his shirt and Johnny does likewise and from the looks of it they’re not going back to the party because Johnny doesn’t think they’ll be able to put it all back together again well enough to not give themselves away. What the hell. He was pretty much done with the evening anyway.

Viggo doesn’t take off his shirt, it’s just hanging open. Maybe he doesn’t want to deal with the cufflinks. Johnny doesn’t care, because it looks sexy as hell. Viggo clearly wants him naked though, or at least shirtless, because he’s tugging it off his arms and leaning in, kissing Johnny again, his hand sliding hot and firm up his thigh and Johnny’s fighting to get his pants unfastened because, fuck, he wants Viggo’s hand on his skin, but just then Viggo palms his cock through his trousers and Johnny freezes.

“Uh,” he says, as Viggo squeezes and strokes. His eyes close. “Oh. Oh god.”

Viggo’s mouth is on his neck, wet and open. Johnny tilts his head and Viggo bites at the muscle, not hard. Johnny knows he won’t leave a mark.

“What do you want?” Viggo mumbles against his skin, and Johnny’s gratified to hear a tremor in his voice. Viggo shifts closer, until Johnny’s backed up against the door, his legs splayed wide, Viggo between them, his hand working Johnny’s dick like, like, Christ, like this is something he’s wanted to do, like it’s something he loves to do. Jesus. Johnny’s head falls back against the window, his hips rise up into Viggo’s hand. “Tell me what you want.” Johnny opens his eyes, looks at him from beneath heavy lids.

What does he want? He doesn’t know. Anything. All of it.

Viggo’s got Johnny’s trousers open and his hand is pushing in and wrapping around him firmly, no hesitation, and it’s incredible, rough and callused and strong and undeniably masculine. Johnny bucks, gasping.

“Want you,” he manages, his voice deep, scratchy. That’s all he’s got, all he can come up with.

Viggo smiles at him crookedly. “Okay,” he sighs. “Okay then.” He sits back and takes Johnny by the hips and pulls him forward so he’s laying flat on the seat and then he leans down and places a soft kiss right on Johnny’s navel and then one right above it, working his way up and it all slows down again. Johnny’s dizzy with it, with the back and forth, hot and hard, then slow and sweet and now it’s slow and sweet again, with gentle kisses and light, lapping licks, and the whisper-tickle of Viggo’s beard against his stomach. His hands comb through Viggo’s hair. It’s hanging forward now, falling into his eyes when he glances up to watch Johnny’s face as he slides a pointed tongue over his nipple. Johnny’s not sure what Viggo sees there beside wide eyes and parted lips but it makes Viggo chuckle as he fastens his lips around the nipple and sucks on it as his hand reaches between Johnny’s spread legs, into his pants and cups his balls, stroking and caressing and Johnny arches up with a moan and oh god he thinks, he wants this man, wants him to fuck him, wants it more than he wants anything else right now, more than he wanted that little golden statue that seems to be so elusive to them both.

If there’s one thing Johnny likes, it’s being proved wrong. He’d been so sure this would be a night of boredom and disappointment, something to grit his teeth and bear with as good grace as he could, the price he’ll gladly pay for what he has, even if it is not something that he can bring himself to enjoy. But somehow the night has turned into just the opposite, something so very interesting, so wildly unexpected, so unusual and unwise and wicked and wonderful. Johnny’s delighted by this turn of events, by being presented with something he never could have predicted, not in a million years. It’s not often that he’s taken by surprise these days, which makes him all the more grateful to anyone who can manage it, and Viggo has managed it so completely that Johnny’s not even sure which way’s up anymore.

“I want –” Viggo looks up at him, blue eyes questioning. “I think I want