to revisit them.”

“Look at me, Castiel,” Balthazar says. “Please,” he adds, when Castiel doesn’t comply, and at that request Castiel cannot resist meeting Balthazar’s eyes. Balthazar in this body is not so different from his old friend – sad and strong, the sense of humor that Castiel is familiar with evident in the curve of the vessel’s mouth, intelligence visible in the light of deep understanding in the eyes. But the bitterness and the nihilism are new. Castiel feels sorrow to see them, though he can sympathize with their cause. The Apocalypse has taken its toll on them all, with God’s continued absence the worst of it.

“I missed you,” Balthazar says emphatically. “I miss you.”

“You should not have let me believe you were dead,” Castiel says. “That was cruel.”

“I know.” Balthazar’s voice is very soft, his hand beneath Castiel’s chin, stroking his jaw, gentle. “I’m sorry. But you would have given me away. I know you, Castiel. You can’t lie.”

“I can,” Castiel says, drawing back. He’s not sure why it is important that Balthazar understand this. He should feel shame at it rather than to state it as if it is something of which to be proud. “I have. I have lied, and done much worse in the time since we fought side by side.”

Balthazar smiles. “Are you trying to convince me of how far you’ve fallen? Because I think I’ve got you beat in that regard, brother.”

Castiel looks away, frustrated. His hands have tightened into fists and he consciously relaxes them. “You should not do this, Balthazar,” he says. His voice is tight. Despite his best efforts, he is unable to control his emotions while he is in this form. “You have built a wall between us that will keep us apart for eternity.” He had never imagined that he would live out his existence without Balthazar as his friend. But then, so much of his existence is not as he had imagined it would be.

“What is more important than your faith?” Castiel continues. “Do you value these cheap, human pleasures more than you do your soul? More than your family?”

Balthazar sighs, shakes his head. “It is not pleasure that I value,” Balthazar says. “It is freedom. Surely you of all people must understand that.”

“I have never been free.”

Balthazar looks at him sadly. “Is that so?”

“You are not free either. You are only fooling yourself into believing that you are.”

“Oh, but I am. Free to do whatever I want. Free to pursue anything I desire, and right now, what I desire is –” He pulls Castiel to him with a sudden movement, faster than the eye can follow. Castiel opens his mouth to protest and Balthazar kisses him.

It’s the strangest sensation, hot and wet and shockingly intimate, especially when Balthazar’s tongue enters his mouth. It feels wrong to Castiel’s angelic sensibilities – too physical, too base, too crude. It’s disgusting, yet he doesn’t pull away and he’s not sure why. Perhaps it is that, for the first time in a very long time, with Balthazar’s arms around him, Castiel doesn’t feel alone.

He doesn’t kiss Balthazar, but he lets himself be kissed, standing stock still with his mouth and eyes open. After a few moments, Balthazar draws back enough to look at him.

“All that time you were down here with those pretty Winchester boys and you never did this?” Castiel closes his mouth and shakes his head silently. “You weren’t curious?”

“Human sexual interactions are messy and chaotic. I preferred to avoid them.”

“But messy and chaotic can be so much fun, Castiel. You truly are missing out.”

“I prefer our way of intimacy,” Castiel says quietly. “The meeting of pure spirit is more to my taste.”

“Is it?” Balthazar gives him a long look, considering. He sighs. “Why doesn’t that surprise me?”

He reaches out and touches Castiel’s cheek with his fingertips, as if he can’t quite help himself. His touch is light and it makes Castiel’s skin break into goosebumps, makes him shiver. Balthazar tilts his head, bird-like, and slowly lifts his hand away from Castiel’s face. He’s watching Castiel closely, and Castiel only has time to wonder what this intense attention presages when he feels it. Unseen tendrils of Balthazar’s psychic energy – his spirit - touch him, sliding softly over his body. Castiel can feel them probe gently at the invisible boundaries he has erected around that part of him that houses his grace.

He looks at Balthazar, eyes wide. “What are you doing?”

“Shhh,” Balthazar says. “Let me. You’ll like it.”

And Castiel lets him