his fingertip.

“Mmph!” Sayid protested against Sawyer’s mouth, his whole body going rigid. “Nunh!”

“Shhh,” Sawyer said, drawing back just far enough to speak. He had Sayid’s knee clamped under his arm and he was trying to jerk it free, and eventually he’d be successful, but Sawyer was counting on it not taking too terribly long to convince Sayid to give this new experience a chance. He drew a circle with his fingers over the muscle, nice and slow. “Easy,” he coaxed. “This can be good too, you’ll see. Just relax and give it a try. If you don’t like it, I’ll quit,” but he could already see Sayid’s eyes becoming glassy and unfocused and his lids wanting to close and he felt a twinge of guilt at breaking his own rule about making Sayid ask first, but how was he supposed to know to ask for something if he’d never done it before? Watching him now, Sawyer was amazed at how little effort it took, how Sayid didn’t have even the weakest bit of defense left to him. Everything had been stripped away by the simple act of sniffing an innocent-looking flower.

He’d let me do anything, Sawyer thought. Anything. Fuck him until he bled or use his mouth like a back alley whore or anything. He could do it and Sayid wouldn’t stop him and what’s more he’d love it.

It was a dangerous kind of power and not the sort of thing Sawyer had a history of resisting successfully. He thought briefly of Sayid and all the things that had happened between them, and about how revenge could come in many guises, and something black stirred down inside him in the murky depths of his soul.

And then he opened his eyes and looked at Sayid’s face, so open and vulnerable, eyelashes fluttering and lips trembling, and he pushed those dark impulses resolutely behind him. That wasn’t how this was going to go. It might not be all hearts and flowers, but it wasn’t going to be ugly either.

He pushed a finger inside, slowly, gently. So hot, so tight. “Relax,” he whispered and Sayid did, just a bit, taking a shuddering breath. Sawyer kissed him again and Sayid’s lips parted immediately, his mouth soft and pliant and Sawyer wanted to just sink into it, wanted to drink down that sweetness and swallow that spice and just lose himself. He slid a hand beneath Sayid’s head and kissed him, slowly fucking his finger in and out all the while, Sayid whimpering into his mouth until he pulled back with a shivery indrawn breath.

“Sawyer, please,” Sayid whispered, his voice shot through with lust. He was shaking, trembling in every limb. “I need to come. Please.”

“I know. S’okay. This’ll work.” He pulled his finger out and spat onto his fingertips, smearing it around. “On your back.”

“I do not think –”

“Don’t you wanna try something new?” Sawyer grinned at him.

Sayid blinked, looking puzzled at something he saw in Sawyer’s expression. But he rolled onto his back and hesitatingly spread his legs.

“Trust me,” Sawyer said, positioning himself and nudging Sayid’s leg up. “You’ll like it. I promise.” He pressed two fingers against the opening, carefully, little pushes, each one a bit deeper. Sayid was breathing hard, his eyes half-closed. His cock was the same as before, swollen and leaking and flushed and looking every second as if it were about to explode from the pressure building up behind it.

“Sawyer, wait.” Sayid clutched at him, rolling his hips. “I want – oh, I want –”

Sawyer concentrated on what he was searching for, feeling and reaching and crooking his fingers and it should be right – ah yes - there.

Sayid gasped raggedly and arched, his eyes wide and astonished. He stared at Sawyer as if mesmerized, but Sawyer thought maybe Sayid wasn’t seeing him at all. His mouth moved like he was trying to speak, but all he said was unh – unh – unh. Sawyer rubbed over that place again and Sayid squeezed his eyes shut and grimaced, his body vibrating with coiled energy, his flesh clenching and quivering around Sawyer’s fingers. Sayid spread his legs wider and Sawyer threw a leg over one and clamped it between his own and humped it, careful not to come – unlike Sayid he had to save something for later – but just enough to take the edge off.

He rubbed and stroked inside Sayid’s body, spread his fingers wide and turned his hand, and Sayid bore down and moaned, working himself onto the fingers penetrating him. He bent his other leg, spreading, offering himself and looked at Sawyer out of lost eyes and said in a hoarse, shattered voice, “You know what I need. Sawyer – I need you – need you to - ahhh