like it. He certainly hopes so, because Thor’s mouth is a revelation and the things he does with it are indescribably filthy and lewd and good. They make Bruce want to sing Thor’s praises, but all he can do is babble incoherent  encouragement and pant and groan and try fruitlessly to push up against the wide hands holding his hips firmly down to the bed.

Thor does something spectacular with his tongue and Bruce’s muscles go rigid, his whole body flushing hot with the building need for release, tension twisting between his hips, and a spurt of precome that has Thor worrying at Bruce’s slit with the tip of his tongue until he’s writhing, out of his mind. He thinks he might die when Thor chooses that moment to cease, drawing back enough to smile up at Bruce.

“Please,” Bruce pants, “Don’t stop. Please.”

“I would have you now,” Thor says, voice beautifully deep and scratchy and with an air of command to it that will not be denied. “I wish for you to ride me.”

Bruce makes some kind of senseless, overwhelmed sound. He can’t even see straight, can’t form a coherent thought, let alone muster up the coordination for that, especially as he’s never before attempted anything of the sort. Thor gives him no chance to demur though, flipping them easily and settling Bruce on top of him, straddling his hips. Something nudges at his hole and then there are fingers, wet and slippery, two from the feel of them, huge inside him and yet nowhere near as large as what will soon be filling him. Bruce can’t help but moan at the thought, arching to push back, surprised at the hunger that grips him. He feels swollen and sensitized, muscles stretched and sore, yet he wants it, wants more, wants it again.

“And you shall have it,” Thor says, which throws Bruce for a moment, until he realizes he’d been verbalizing those thoughts. His face heats, but when Thor twists his hand, he throws his head back, groans, “yes”, bearing down, taking everything Thor gives him.

Then Thor’s fingers are gone and for a moment Bruce is horribly empty, but then he feels Thor’s cock pushing at his rim and Thor’s hand is firm on his hip, guiding him down. Bruce gasps at the stretch and it comes out sounding like a sob. He feels like he’s being split in two, caught between bright twinges of pain and bone-deep pulses of intense pleasure. He tries to pause to take a moment to adjust but Thor plants his feet and tilts his pelvis up, fits his other hand over Bruce’s hip with a heavy, implacable grip and makes him take it all in one slow, impossibly deep slide. Bruce braces his hands on Thor’s shoulders, shuddering as he sinks the final few inches, feeling Thor so far up inside him that he can hardly breathe.

After a minute, he tries moving, hips rocking in miniscule motions, fingers digging into Thor’s flesh at the sensation of unbearable fullness. He feels it more keenly than the first time, when he was maybe too overwhelmed by the shock and the novelty of the act to truly feel what was happening to him. Thor’s hands skim up and down his sides, slide around to cup his buttocks and squeeze, forcing him down further and holding him there, his cock touching a place deep inside that makes Bruce feel like he’s about to shatter into a thousand pieces.

“Thor,” Bruce says, and it comes out as a whine, thready and strung tight.

Thor cants his hips, grinding into that place again and again and Bruce whimpers, his whole body shaking. “I am here,” Thor says. “Inside you. Filling you. Move on me. Take your pleasure of me.”

Bruce does, rising up, shoving himself down, too far gone to be as careful as he should be, the sinuous rolling motion of his hips unfamiliar yet instinctual. He would never have imagined this is how it would feel; bright and powerful, his body filling with heat and energy. Thor’s fingers skate over his skin, sparking his nerve endings like electricity. Thor curls up, his hand at the back of Bruce’s head pulling him down for a deep, messy kiss and Bruce falls into it, lets Thor take what he wants, lets Thor’s tongue plunder and his hand press at the small  of his back, guiding him into hard, fast thrusts that make Bruce’s mouth go slack and his eyes roll back in his head.

Bruce cries out when Thor wraps his hand around his cock, stroking him fast and sure. Thor’s hand is rough, calluses that drag deliciously against Bruce’s skin and he trembles, his eyes squeezing shut, breath catching in little hitching sobs. He’s quaking with it, orgasm coiling tightly in his groin and Thor rumbles, yes, yes, I have you and give it to