, too, an exceptionally nice thought. I came so hard watching you and imagining it, I nearly blacked out.”

After this, Spencer gives Morgan a break. He doesn’t want to push Morgan too hard. He doesn’t look like he can take much more of Spencer’s dirty talk.

When Morgan finally finds his voice, it's hoarse and faintly pleading. "Reid..."

"Can I suck you off right now?" Spencer asks. He doesn’t want Morgan to think too much. "I'll make it good for you, Morgan, I promise."

Spencer’s uncertain if Morgan will go for it. He’s hoping, but he’s not sure; Morgan can be hard to read sometimes.

A few seconds silently pass and Spencer’s hope is dwindling when Morgan nods jerkily, as if it took effort. But thankfully it seems whatever issues Morgan may or may not have with Spencer finding out about his ‘extracurricular activities’ in college, it’s not going to stop him from getting an impromptu blowjob, even if they are at work in the bathroom.

Morgan suddenly moves, his eyes taking on a glinting light, and pushes Reid back, maneuvering them into the far right stall. Spencer goes along with it, exceptionally pleased by Morgan’s behavior. Morgan shuts the door behind them, and it’s a tight fit, but Spencer doesn’t care.

Leaning against the wall and grabbing Spencer's shoulders, Morgan pushes him down on his knees. "Yeah," he says roughly. "Suck me, Reid."

The surprisingly commanding tone sends a shiver down Spencer’s spine. He didn't think it'd be this easy to get Morgan to agree, but he's definitely not complaining. He settles on his knees happily, ignoring the unforgiving tile, and works on Morgan's belt. There's already a nice bulge there, and his mouth practically waters at the thought of Morgan's cock in his mouth and down his throat. He wants to choke on it.

He has to take a second to breathe because his hands are shaking from the anticipation. Once he gets the belt undone, he unzips and opens the slacks, gasping at the sight of Morgan's thick cock poking out of the slit in his boxers.

Fuck.

It's even bigger in person than in the film and he's not even fully erect yet. Feeling lightheaded from the abrupt rush of blood to his groin, Spencer hopes he doesn't pass out.

"Morgan," he breathes, captivated. Slowly, he pushes Morgan's boxers down, and his heart pounds roughly as Morgan's cock is completely bared to his eyes. He can't help but whimper.

He takes a second to just look, to appreciate the beauty of Morgan's magnificent cock. Morgan should definitely be proud of what he's carrying around between his legs. Spencer buries his nose in the coarse but surprisingly trimmed public hair at the base, breathing deeply. Fuck. Morgan smells good. Like sex and sweat and man.

His hand comes up to lightly touch Morgan's cock, fingers dancing over the skin, and he presses wet, open-mouthed kisses along the length of him. Morgan groans above him, the sound deep and low and going straight to Spencer’s groin. “Fuck, Reid,” he says gruffly. “Get on with it.”

Fuck, Morgan’s going to undo him with his casual dominance. Obeying, he reaches the head and takes it in his mouth, hollowing his cheeks. Gripping the shaft, Spencer strokes him as his tongue swirls over the head. Spencer wants to moan at the taste of him.

As much as he'd like to make this last, tease Morgan and see how quickly Spencer can reduce him to begging, Spencer's acutely aware that they're in the restroom at the BAU, essentially in plain view for anyone who happens to take a bathroom break, and he'd prefer not to get caught with Morgan's dick in his mouth. It'd just cause more administrative trouble than he really wants to deal with.

Still, even with his limited time, he can give Morgan a brain-melting orgasm that'll guarantee he'll want more. To that end, he swallows more of Morgan's cock, the ample girth stretching Spencer's lips so wide it hurts. But fuck if it isn't a good hurt. He keeps going until he can't possibly take anymore and can barely breathe. Morgan's hands tangle in his hair tightly, his hips shallowly thrusting as Morgan tries to get more of his dick down his throat.

It’s mostly silent in the bathroom while Spencer works Morgan over, Morgan’s hands on his head, guiding him. Spencer keeps Morgan guessing, sometimes slowly pulling off and sucking his back down, tracing the large vein with his tongue, other times making it quick and frantic, sucking on just the head and pushing his tongue hard against the underside.