seems that the cuts had stopped bleeding, but the gauze rips off the fragile scabs and the bleeding starts up sluggishly again. 

"Fuck," Michael curses, throwing the gauze into the toilet and sticking his arm in the sink. It's a small bathroom, and he reaches back and flushes the toilet with his clean hand. The burn of the cuts makes him swear again, the sense of relief that usually comes drowned out by the panic of his own stupidity. Somewhere deep down he knows that he'll be found out eventually, but he'll buy as much time as he can.

"Michael, I need to shower. Are you almost done?"

It's Luke. Michael swears inwardly and hurriedly sees his arm before yanking his sleev down. He can bandage it when Luke is in the shower. 

It takes a few more minutes to erase the traces of blood in the sink, and he's holding his arm awkwardly so the blood won't run down his hand. He fumble with the door handle and then finally steps out. 

Lukes in front of him, eyeing him anxiously. "Michael, are you okay? You're really pale."

"Thanks for rubbing it in, beach boy," Michael bites back sarcastically, but Luke takes no note of it.

"Are you getting sick?" Luke feels his forehead and Michael can't help but lean slightly in to the touch, eyes fluttering closed for one moment. 

"No, I think the adrenaline is just taking a while to fade away."

Luke frowns. "It must be your heart rate that's making you look sick."

Horror hits Michael about half of a second before Luke reaches down and takes his left wrist, feeling his pulse.


Don't look down, it will make him look down...


Michael sighs. "I should get to bed."

He needs to escape Luke's grasp. It's too much to think about at once, there's too thin a line between Luke and the truth.

"Yeah, get some sleep. I'll shower and then go to bed too." 

Luke lets go and Michael turns away swiftly, eager to be away from Luke's worried gaze.

A choked sound behind him forces him to turn. Luke's face is full of fear as he stares down at his hand. Michael's heart plummets as he sees it. 

Luke's hand is coated in blood. The other boy is shaking and Michael had no idea what to do.

"Michael..."

He can't even move as Luke's eyes drag up to him, wide and panicky. 

"Please tell me it was an accident," he says in a shaky voice.

"It was an accident," Michael says tonelessly, and then Luke's crumpling to the floor. 

"No, no, no..."

Michael lowers himself next to Luke, acutely aware of how badly his arm is stinging.

"I'm sorry," Luke's repeats over and over, and Michael realizes that he's crying.

"For what?" 

"Failing you," Luke sobs, and Michael's heart breaks. 

"You didn't- you've never failed me, Luke. Of all of the people in the world, I am the closest with you. Even just you being my friend has helped me. You haven't failed me."

"What's this, then?" Luke cris, holding up his bloody hand. Michael flinches.

"That's my fault, not yours." 

"Why didn't you tell me?" Luke says in a sudden whisper, his lips trembling. "How long?"

"Since before we met."

Luke lets out a low cry and holds the back of his hand to his mouth, the tears streaming down his face. Michael can't help but feel helpless seeing his best friend in so much pain. 

"I'm sorry," he says. "You weren't supposedly find out. I don't ever cut my arm."

Luke flinches before turning and throwing his arms around Michael. His shoulders shake and Michael runs his fingers through the younger boy's hair, humming softly.

"Let me see," Luke says after a moment. It's more of an order than a question, but Michael still hesitates. After a moment, Luke reaches down and gently wraps his fingers around Michael's wrist, carefully pulling his arm up and scooting back so he can hold it between them. Michael's shirt is black but he can still see the wet patch on his left wrist. 

Luke's long fingers grasp the hem of Michael's sleeve and then tug the fabric up, careful not to drag it over his wrist. Michael's hears Luke whimper at the sight, but he can't make himself look up. The cuts are pretty deep, and dried and wet blood is smeared around them. 

"Come on," Luke says hoarsely. "Let's clean you up."

Michael follows Luke's lead meekly, staying silent as the other boy runs water over