happened?"

My lip trembled and I choked up again, my vision blurring. As I saw the kindness on his face, I burst into tears again, covering my face with my hands. 

Then he hugged me. His arms went around my back and he pulled me in. His chin rested on my shoulder and I gripped him tightly, still crying softly but feeling warm, almost safe. When I'd managed to calm down, he pulled away and looked at my face, gently touching my bruise. 

"Who did this, Kurt?" he asked. Then I remembered you and sat back, pulling away from Blaine's touch. You may hate me more than anything, but I can't get close to Blaine. Not as close as I was getting. 

"I tripped," I said, knowing it was stupid. 

"Kurt," Blaine said, and his voice was reprimanding yet kind, letting me know he wouldn't fall for any of that. 

"Karofsky," I said quietly, wiping the tears off my face. Blaine's expression hardened. 

"Why?" he asked. 

"Because I'm gay," I said, though that was only half true. 

"So am I," Blaine said, "but I haven't even been glared at. Why in particular does he do this?"

I didn't know what to do. Blaine seemed to know when I was lying, but I couldn't tell him the truth. 

I decided to be honest. "I can't tell you, Blaine. Please, I really can't."

"Kurt-" he protested, but I cut him off. 

"Please."

He sighed. "Fine. I'll let it go. But you need to be with someone so he can't target you."

"It doesn't matter," I said. I didn't want to have someone stuck with following me around. 

"It does," Blaine insisted. "It really, really does. You can stick with me; we share most classes, right?"

I nodded, half eager to get to know him better and half dreading it because I realized something. Something bad. 

I have a crush on someone who wasn't my soulmate. Someone perfect with a soulmate who was probably also perfect and waiting out there, somewhere, waiting to be found. I have no place in his life. 

"Why haven't you reported this?" Blaine asked softly after a moment. 

"I have," I said. "No one believes me."

"That's stupid," Blaine said, looking angry again. I sighed, standing and brushing off my clothes.

"I need to go clean up," I said, picking up my bag. Blaine stood also. 

"I'll come with you," he said, following me into the school. We quickly reached the bathroom and I pulled out my different powders that I keep for this. I grabbed a papertowel and wet it, wincing as I wiped my lip. 

Blaine took it gently. "Here," he said, "let me. I can see it better."

I held my breath as he cupped my face and wiped off the blood on my lip, feeling like an idiot. I had a soulmate, he had a soulmate, and yet . . . here I was, wishing for more than the friendship we had which was already a miracle. 

He finished and pulled away, and I let myself breathe again. As I picked up my brush, he stopped me.

"Why are you covering it up?" he asked. 

"I'm going home," I answered. "My dad . . . he's got some heart problems and I'm worried that this would hurt him too much. I can't let him see."

"Why doesn't Finn help you?" Blaine asked. "He's your step-brother, right?"

"He's busy," I said. "He's stuck in his own happy little world." 

Blaine sighed again. "I want to help you," he said. 

"Thank you," I answered, not quite sure what to say. I finished up and put my things away, slinging my bag over my shoulder. 

"Why did you quit glee club?" Blaine asked after a moment. 

I was at a loss for words, and so I did what I do best. "I have to go," I said, and hurried out the door. I heard him call for me once, but I didn't look back. 

I hope he's not angry. I just . . . I can't let him in. You should understand that since it's because of you. I really hate you, Karofsky.

But not as much as I hate myself. 

Kurt

 

August 23, 2011

I've only lost two more pounds but I feel awful. Maybe I'm taking this too fast; I don't know. 

Blaine wasn't mad at me. In fact, he didn't even mention me running