's not very happy with me."

"I don't give a flying fuck. Some things are going to change around here." Mikey turned and saw him heading into the house. "Gerard, wait!"

"What?" Gerard asked dully.

"I can't- you're going to have to stay here. We need to figure this out."

"No." Gerard's normally mild personality disappeared. "I'm not going to be locked up and watched constantly. I'm not going to eat with plastic forks and give you my razor after I shave or any of that. I'm going inside."

"Gerard-" Frank called. A shiver went down Gerard's spine when he heard Frank say his name and he cursed himself inwardly. 

"I can't," he said, and then shut the door. 

I'm sorry about how long this update took. I was not at all planning on it taking this long, I've just got a fucked up mind to try and live with and sometimes it really slows me down.

Dinner was a silent affair. Frank was gone but Mikey had promised that he'd be back, despite the fact that Gerard hadn't asked and had had no intention of finding out. He was already looking for a different way out, another escape. 

He'd wait a few days. Bullshit some 'it was an off day- I was scared about my soulmate' and appease everyone involved before finding another way. 

Maybe he'd try a bridge this time. It's harder to tackle someone when they're hanging from a railing or if you're not there at all. He knew just the right one too. 

Mikey looked at him over the table almost as if he could read his thought and Gerard slowly picked up his fork and took one bite. Spaghetti was packed with carbs and calories but Mikey was watching him like a hawk.

"We can't avoid this conversation," he said to Gerard, finally. "I'm not going to let this slide."

"What's there to say," Gerard mumbled, pushing his food around his plate with his fork. Mikey sighed.

"Okay, let's start with why."

"It was an off day and I shouldn't have done it. I don't think I would have anyway. I was just really tired and really scared about meeting my soulmate."

"Why didn't you tell me? And you told me that your counter had a few more weeks."

"I didn't know how it was going to go."

"So you were just going to step in front of a bus? Because that would fix things." Mikey sounded bitter and Gerard flinched. "You're lucky Frank saw you. And you don't just have an 'off day' and try to kill yourself! This has obviously been going on a while."

"Look, I'm fine. I said I shouldn't have tried." 

"That doesn't make me feel better, Gee."

"I can't do this right now." Gerard stood but Mikey placed a hand on his arm. 

"Wait. Please try and eat. I shouldn't push this yet. You just scared me and I want to understand." Mikey smiled weakly and Gerard sighed. 

"I can't eat right now."

"Can we watch something, then? Like we used to?"

There was a hint of a smile on Gerard's face as he nodded. "Yeah, okay."

 

 

Mikey tried to be subtle, he really did, but Gerard noticed every time he checked in on him while he painted. He didn't quite know what to think of it.

When he went down for lunch, Frank was sitting at their table talking to Mikey. Gerard curled his fingers around the tips of his sleeves tighter and went to pour himself coffee. Frank watched closely as he took the mug upstairs without any food, but he made no comment and Gerard ignored him.

He came upstairs after a while, knocking on the door but then letting himself in.  

"Mikey asked me to come up," he explained. Gerard still ignored him, choosing instead to focus on his painting. Frank seemed unaffected and instead began to look around at the sketches and paintings littering the room. Gerard's clothes were mostly on the floor of his closet so most of the outside mess was art supplies and canvases laying on nearly every available surface, both blank and painted. Frank picked a few up and looked at them, carefully stepping around snapped pencils and paint splatters. 

"These are really good."

"Thanks," Gerard said flatly. 

"No, really. I mean it. Do you sell these?"

"No."

Frank looked down at the canvas in his hands. "You should. I bet you could."

Gerard turned to look at him and saw that his face was completely open and honest. He turned away again. 

"So what did Mikey say."

"Just asked me to check on you." Frank