some if him which was more than anyone else. And he seemed to appreciate our efforts and our loyalty to him. He said it must be difficult, but under all that sarcasm and the layer hurt and anger we sort of stumbled upon was a kid Ashton and I both liked. So yeah- we stuck with him.

Michael was seventeen when Ash told me he'd be gone for the holidays and a week before because his cousin and aunt and uncle were moving next door to him and his family was going over there to visit and help move them. We promised to skype very night because we're a close couple, and Michael promised to crash the party a few times. Ashton told us that his cousin was only a bit younger than us and that we'd probably love him. I felt a bit excited through my sadness at Ashton leaving for several weeks, but Michael closed off. He locked himself in his room and only came out to say goodbye the day Ashton left. I couldn't coax him out until Ashton skyped the first time. He finally told us he kept worrying that we were gonna ditch him. I remember feeling guilty because Ash and I had only talked about his cousin since he'd first mentioned him and Michael always thought we were better than him, that we were going to drop him in a figurative ditch and go on our merry way. Well, I told him that as long as I was Calum Hood I wasn't gonna leave him behind. Then Ashton cracked a joke about me getting his last name as we started fighting over what last name we would use. Michael smiled a bit and back then that was like a laugh- a little tug upward at the corners of his mouth.

Once I'd gotten a full toothy smile and Ash had talked about it for days, telling me he really thought Michael was better. He wasn't, but he'd taken a step forward and his cuts turned to scars and stayed like that eventually. He'd still have break downs sometimes and I saw him have a few panic attacks, but he'd stepped forward.

At the next skype call, Michael and I curled up on my bed and Ashton introduced his cousin, Luke. The kid hardly spoke at first but he was bouncing around by the end and Michael had full on smiled four times. They also shared a lot of favorite band and hit it off rather well. Michael still didn't talk a lot but Luke seemed to be having an animated conversation at him that Michael did a lot of nodding to, and Ash and I spent most of the call looking at each other hopefully. 

The second call with Luke was even better as Michael started talking more in complete sentences than he usually did, with his just one or two word answers or trailing off when he decided people didn't want to listen- regardless of whether or not they did. They started talking about guitar types and companies and while I understood what they were talking about, poor Ash was at a loss. He was the only one who'd met Luke more than once and he didn't know what to say to him. 

We ended the call and Michael left half an hour later, so I called Ashton back and discussed Michael and Luke. We agreed to talk on the phone alone after Skype calls and I hung up and went to bed. 

After the third skype call Ashton told me that Luke couldn't stop talking about Michael. He said that Luke's mom claimed to know everything about him and said that she was looking forward to meeting Luke's friend at the same time Luke did. Luke mentioned her teasing in a call but claimed that it was about both of us and his excitement about getting to know us. We didn't call him out on it. 

On the sixth skype call I realized that Michael was talking to Luke more and more. Eventually he started talking more than Luke and Luke would sit there and smile like he knew what he had accomplished. I started wondering just how observant the kid was. 

On the tenth skype call Michael was gesticulating more wildly than I had ever seen him gesticulate when Luke noticed the scars. In person they stood out, still puckered and pink, but on camera they were harder to see. Michael seemed to know immediately and he stopped talking, staring at Luke before getting up and walking out. 

Luke seemed really upset and we told him what we knew. Then we gave him Michael's phone number and Ashton sent him to another room to call him. 

I'll admit that I listened in on Michael's side of the conversation, but it honestly was only because I was worried about him. He seemed to care very deeply about what Luke thought of him and I wanted to make sure he understood that Luke was only upset because he was sympathetic. Luke's always been really empathetic.

Luckily Michael decided to answer and they talked for a long time. I remember Michael cried and I had never known him to cry in the seven years since I'd met him. I have no idea