and rips a couple flowers out by their stems. Zoro looks around warily, then realizes what he’s doing and mentally slaps himself. That conversation with Sanji has made him paranoid; nothing out of the ordinary has happened, and he’s just being stupid.

As soon as he stands up, however, something hits him right in the middle of his forehead. It doesn’t  hurt, but it does startle him into frantically looking around again.

“Busted!” a voice shouts and, to Zoro’s horror, it comes from the direction of the house.

“Fuck,” he mutters, feeling very much like a deer in headlights.

There, in the doorway, stands a man around Zoro’s own age. His black hair is tousled, red vest shamelessly open, dark eyes wild as his hair. Zoro’s brain fizzles as a set of toned abs are (probably unintentionally) flaunted at him – but, wait a damn second. Is that a Nerf gun? Puzzled, Zoro looks for whatever hit him, and sees the trademark cylinder of blue Styrofoam, no bigger than his finger, with an orange suction cup on the end. It lies innocently on the cement, and Zoro picks it up with the hand not already holding the flowers.

“Really?” he asks, disbelieving, holding the harmless bullet up between two fingers. “Did you seriously just shoot me with a Nerf gun?”

The stranger doesn’t answer Zoro, but he narrows his dark eyes and reloads, shooting Zoro three more times in quick succession. Zoro even doesn’t try to dodge, just stands there and frowns as the Styrofoam hits him deftly on the chest.

“I’ll take that as a very enthusiastic yes.”

The plastic gun clatters to the floor as the victim of his flower-thieving ways leaves the doorway to close the distance between them. They stand in awkward silence, staring at each other – the latter part of which Zoro has no problem with, but he still wishes to be rid of this awful tension. Goddammit. Sanji was right, he is  so not  prepared for this confrontation.

“Well,” Shockingly Attractive Stranger Guy says, moving his arm in a sweeping motion and gesturing down the street. “Let’s go.”

Zoro blinks confusedly, because  what the hell? “Go where?”

Hopefully he doesn’t mean to someplace that no one will hear Zoro scream when he kills him and hides his body in a ditch. It sounds kind of harsh for the crime of flower-napping, but how the hell can Zoro know that this guy  won't  go overboard with his punishment?

“To see her,” said man answers, like this fact is extremely obvious.

Zoro’s eyes widen. They can’t possibly be talking about Kuina. “What? Why? I don’t even know your name!”

“It’s Luffy,” the now named stranger replies, grin big and bright and unlike anything Zoro’s ever seen.

“I’m Zoro,” he offers up, figuring he should at least return the favor. Well, that, and Luffy’s smile doesn't exactly scream 'I'm going to kill you and no one will ever know'.

“Great!” Luffy says, enthusiastic yet dismissive, then turns around and starts marching off. “Now let’s go.”

“Wait!” Zoro quickly grabs Luffy by the shoulder to stop him. “I still don’t get it. What’re you– Why do you want to… go see her?”

Luffy rolls his eyes, but it doesn’t seem condescending, like he’s trying to make Zoro feel dumb for not understanding, which is definitely a nice change. Zoro lets himself be tugged down the sidewalk, wrist warm where Luffy’s clutching it.

His new acquaintance explains as they walk. “I have a right to meet the girl you think is pretty enough to steal flowers for, don’t I? I mean, they’re  my  flowers… wait, should I take the fact that you took them as a compliment? Like, are my gardening skills  that  awesome or–”

Luffy keeps rambling about this and that and some other thing, but Zoro’s still stuck on the first sentence, particularly “meet the girl” because that’s – it’s just  not possible . At least not anymore.

How the fuck is he supposed to break it to Luffy that they’re walking towards a graveyard, to meet someone who is very much  not  alive?

Sanji would be laughing at his sorry ass so hard right now that he’d probably fall into traffic and get hit by a bus.  What a wonderful thought , Zoro sighs to himself, but then he looks up and his thoughts quickly start tripping over themselves, because the gates of the cemetery are just ahead now.

Luffy’s no longer leading Zoro around, but he’s still… Zoro feels his stomach curl and his chest tighten, his grip on the flowers becoming harmful. Holy  fuck  , they’re holding hands; they’ve probably  been  holding hands