but I can't. Fuck, no, I really can't."

Dean just glares harder, "Shoot the fucking gun, Cas, or so help me god, I will do it myself."

"Fine," Cas ignores how his sudden agreement actually makes Dean do a double-take and throws the weapon. The gun lands with a heavy THWUMP on the dirt, skidding just the slightest bit; it stops right at Dean's feet and Cas gives him a look that positively screams 'I dare you'. Dean takes the bait and cautiously picks it up.

"This is too easy. What're you-"

"I said fine, Dean," Cas steps forward until they're only a foot apart, opening his arms wide as he speaks, which doesn't at all remind Dean of the angel this broken-down man used to be, "Go ahead and put a bullet through your skull."

"You don't-"

Dean shuts up at the utterly blank stare he receives, hardly dares to breathe when Cas says, "Do it if you think it's the cure-all, end-all. But you have to shoot me first, because I will not stick around this hell for more than a second if you're gone." Then Cas grabs his arm to press the barrel of the gun smack between two hopeless blue eyes, and now it's Dean's hands that are shaking.


#23 - Snake


"This is your brother's handiwork, isn't it?"

"Considering how the cuffs are styled, I'm going to say yes."

They both glance down and sigh, rereading the cursive writing engraved into the handcuffs for the millionth time: "True love's kiss, bitches. You know the drill."

"Fucking Gabriel... I'm gonna kill 'im!"


#24 - Gift


"I don't understand, Sam." Cas furrowed his brow and stared at the door for a long moment before turning his gaze on the giant across the room. "I got him pie and alcohol and those vulgar magazines he seems to enjoy... why did he storm out like that?"

Sam cocked his head to the side, settling for the simple explanation, "Well, Cas, you get him gifts all the time, but Dean... he doesn't really know what you like, and it hurts his man-pride too much to ask."

Cas pondered that, and without really thinking, said, "Well, I certainly like him."

Sam nearly collapsed at the sheer bluntness. "Careful there, Cas, you might give him a panic attack."


#25 - Knight


Dean groaned and tried to burrow further into the nest of pillows and blankets. His head felt like it was trying to split itself open, and he was reminded for the thousandth time that hangovers never got any easier. "Never again!" he lied to no one.

Or, well, not exactly. "Dean?"

"Shit," Dean propped himself up on one elbow and squinted at the trench-coated figure looming over his bed. "Uh... hey, Cas."

Cas averted his eyes and Dean glanced down to make sure he wasn't flashing the poor guy with his birthday suit.


Nope, all clear.


"I was just leaving, but I wanted to say thank you," Cas looked up again.

"For what? I don't remember a thing from last night."

"Well, um... you may or may not have ended up being my 'knight in shining armor' when a less than adequate someone grabbed my ass."

"Oh, so I gave this someone a shiner," he plunked down onto the sheets again and instantly regretted it when it jostled his head. "Awesome."

"I'll spare you the events that unfolded after that... it was what you'd consider a 'chick-flick moment' between us and I know how you hate those."

"What?" Dean sat up so fast he saw spots. "What the hell did we-" he sighed, scowling at the now empty space, "okay, or you could just flutter away. That's fine, too, goddammit."

I decided to just say screw it and post the prompts that I have, even though I never reached my goal of fifty, for the sake of my sanity. The good news is that some of them are kind of long. Shout out to MysticMoonhigh, the author of that hilariously fantastic fic Destibagel! Hope you don't mind that I featured it in my last prompt, because it never fails to make me laugh until I'm breathless and my stomach hurts like hell.

 


#26 - Marathon


It was a travesty, that's what it was. Cas had never seen any of the Marvel movies, and Dean was determined to infect him with the disease - which could only be done through marathoning.

"Dean." Cas shook his shoulder, and Dean realized for the first time that he was practically cuddling the angel in his half-there state.

"Sorry..." Dean shook it off and tried not