't happen. You just sat there. There was this - this moment where I kept calling your name and I thought maybe you were actually..." Luffy trails off, but he doesn't need to finish for Zoro to understand, "You weren't, but you were all covered in bandages, and Chopper says those are only for when people get super hurt. Well, okay, I guess I would know. I got wrapped in tons of the things after Marine Ford."

Zoro winces, remembering how none of the crew were present to comfort Luffy in the aftermath of Ace's death. He feels like anything he could say is out of place. Nothing, aside from an explanation, will make this right, and Zoro can't do it. He won't.

"I'm not that dumb, dammit!" Luffy abruptly explodes again, head jerking up to glare at Zoro, only to let it drop back on the swordsman's chest with a soft thump. Luffy sighs and seems to regain some composure, but his exhaustion is abundantly clear. "Look, I know you were hurt pretty bad. You could barely fight that bunch of weaklings when we helped Camie rescue Hachi. But that's all I know, and... what happened to you at Thriller Bark, Zoro?"

"Why do you want to know so badly?" is all Zoro can get out through his panic. He knows it's the worst thing he could have asked the minute he's not feeling the pressure or warmth of another body lying on his, and wow, does it take him by surprise just how much he wants it back. How in the hell did he handle this for two years?

Luffy shoves off of Zoro's chest with a short, aggravated scream, stomach boiling hot with a feeling unlike the previous one. "Are you even listening to me, Zoro?!" he shrieks indignantly, eyebrows knit in anger.

"Of course I am!" Zoro bellows, furious and growling at the fact that Luffy even wants to discuss this. Now he's on his feet, too, towering over his captain as he grinds his teeth together. "How could you think I'm not? That's the entire fucking problem here, you saying those things!"

"I just explained to you why I wanted to know; don't turn this back on me!"

A voice inside Zoro begs him to stop, walk away, before one of them says something they regret. The voice shouts and pleads louder once Zoro realizes this fight might turn physical; Luffy may very well end up diced into rubber squares, while Zoro might be sent flying towards the next island with a Haki-powered punch. But the warning bells go unnoticed in favor of the stampede of anxiety trampling over him. Jumbled memories of Kuma and Luffy swamp his whole being, making his thoughts tangle and trip over each other, which certainly doesn't help to prevent what comes flying out of his unattended mouth next.

"Goddammit, Luffy, you naïve idiot! It's-" Zoro paces the deck briefly, then stops to meet his captain's dark eyes. One look and he swears he's really going to back down now; there's too much hurt in Luffy's eyes. But, apparently, he's still fuming enough that his voice's volume raises of its own accord. What he wants so badly to be an explanation, maybe even an apology, for his atrocious behavior comes out as a twisted version of one: "You say me being mauled to a bloody fucking pulp by Kuma makes you suffer just as much, and I just - it feels like you're trying to undo everything I did for your sake at Thriller Bark! You're not supposed to find out! The whole damn point was to protect you from this shit!"

"Kuma? Protect me? What are you even talking about?!" Luffy demands, yelling once more by his last question. He feels a few tears sting his eyes before they drip to the floorboards, anger dissipated. Not a single drop more falls; he won't let it.

Ultimately cracking under the pressure of Zoro's glare, Luffy sinks to the ground in poorly concealed distress and clutches at his head in an attempt to make it stop aching. That ache isn't nearly as bad as the one continuously pulsating through his heart, though, and he wonders what the hell is even happening right now. Zoro has never, ever looked at him like that before. They've never raised their voices to one another before - not like this, not seriously. Even going all the way back to their spat at Whiskey Peak, it had been nothing like this.

At the first sign of waterworks, Zoro freezes, scolding and hating himself. (Why do you always screw up everything when it involves him? Can't you control yourself enough to see that you're hurting him?) Luffy does not cry, at least not genuinely, unless he's just been totally wrecked. Zoro knows something like this