it was the size of the ocean he demanded they sail together.

#19 - Control

It always seemed like the crew wanted to chain Luffy to the ship to gain some semblance of control, but Zoro would slice off those bindings and follow without complaint; he understood it was in his captain's nature to be free and wreaking havoc everywhere he went.

#20 - Ashes

When there's finally nothing left of her but a whisper of ash floating atop the water, Zoro is still holding tight to his captain and pressing kisses into the crown of Luffy's hatless head as the onslaught of tears continues: "Merry would want you to stop, Sencho."

#21 - Count

Rare as such a practice occurs, Zoro will lie awake in the darkness, counting the number of times those three little words have fallen past his lips and hoping like hell that he gets the chance to say them again.

#22 - Wake

The dream is escaping him, dripping off in rivulets like the sticky sweat lathering his body before he even has time to decipher what had made him so afraid- although, he thinks that perhaps he's figured it out during the few moments it takes his heart to stagger in his chest, when his gaze lingers on the still form upon his first mate's bunk and he realizes he is not imagining the wetness staining his cheeks.

#23 - Mixed

Luffy's having mixed feelings about his self-sacrifice, Zoro decides, when the take-it-to-the-grave secret is spilled and his captain attempts to throttle, kiss and rant all in the same instant: "Stupid Zoro! It doesn't make sense for me to be the Pirate King without you as the World's Greatest Swordsman!"

#24 - Life

Most of the Straw Hats understood that they had abandoned their previous lives behind at those daunting shorelines, and maybe they missed the serene lifestyle; but the moment deep charcoal and blazing green meet in a fond gaze, Zoro and Luffy would both agree that this new one is infinitely better.

#25 - Pole

He's hanging from the mast when it happens, ignoring Franky's protests in favor of staring at Zoro like nothing else in the world matters, which is actually what prompts Luffy to wonder: at what point in time did he fall so deeply in love?

#26 - Tape

The smile is hard to keep at bay when he spies it; a horrendously wrapped present with his name scrawled on it, scotch-tape plastered everywhere to prevent the paper from peeling off ("They lied, Zoro! It's not invisible!" and the other just snorts and pulls him in for a hug, "It's fine, Luffy.")

#27 - Bottle

Zoro likes to think that Luffy loves him more than platters overflowing with meat; Luffy did the same while imagining bottles brimmed jarringly full with sake.

#28 - Wind

The wind whipping through his captain's hair, the vivacious grin that makes his breath stutter, a kiss that lights his blood on fire; they all bring a new realization: Luffy's beautiful.

#29 - Shield

He hates that the world isn't as bright a place as his captain believes it to be, but he'll try to act as a shield from that truth, because maybe then Luffy could continue pretending just a little while longer.

#30 - Paper

The day that newspaper arrives (the smile was missing, and the wrongness of that causes his stomach to twist dreadfully), Zoro drops to his knees before his dream's greatest threat and he begs for strength, because Luffy needs him.

#31 - Wheel

Luffy knows he shouldn't do it -he's the captain, after all- but he sits back and is content to let Zoro take the wheel anyways.

#32 - Ice

"Zoro... you've got-" Luffy giggles, leaning over to lick the dot of ice cream off his first mate's nose teasingly, and can only gasp -cone dropping to the floor in blissful, thinly veiled surprise, a low groan escaping without permission- when Zoro kisses him, tongue probing each crevice to, apparently, verify something: "Definitely my new favorite flavor."

#33 - One

All of his nakama had undying faith in him, Luffy knew, but Zoro was the one who saw beyond his strength.

#34 - Trip

Those damn flip-flops had to be the most annoying kind of footwear in the entire universe- so when Zoro finally trips Luffy, he's quite satisfied to have the clacking noise gone and a lapful of confused captain.

#35 - Fox

Zoro never thought the day would come when Luffy, of all people, shouted across the ship with such a nickname hanging from his lips that it rendered even Robin speechless and incapable of cracking a perverted joke: "Hey, Zoro! Wait for me, you foxy swordsman!"

#36 - Addict

Sweetly beautiful in appearance, yet sinfully intoxicating regarding his taste: that's the brand of drug his captain was and, as Zoro dives in for another kiss, he realizes there is no hope of rescuing him