something entirely different-" her smirk only grows "-just in case you hadn't noticed."

Soul claps a hand over his mouth to keep from bursting into laughter as BlackStar's cheeks positively burn. Even Tsubaki has to smother her giggles as BlackStar keeps turning redder and redder until he's a curious shade of purple.

"That is so not the same thing! Kid and I are complete opposites!" he sputters, arms folding defensively over his chest.

Soul quirks an eyebrow, "Haven't you ever heard the phrase 'opposites attract'?" He sends quick, sidelong glance at Maka because they, too, were opposites in their own way. Maka doesn't take the hint; Soul viciously squashes a spider under his heel.

"Well, duh. But we're just too differ-"

Maka scoffs. "Yes, yes. We're all aware that you're the vainest person to ever walk the earth, meanwhile Kid's decently modest. He's a pessimistic little Death God and you're optimistic enough for seven people. Not to mention that whole 'let's jump into mortal danger for the hell of it!' complex you have whenever you're on a mission - Kid remains level-headed and dissimilar to an energetic puppy on steroids."

BlackStar shrugs, "I can't really argue with that."

"Yes, she nailed it," a new voice says from above their heads.

"Speak of the devil, and he shall appear…" Soul says in a mystified sort of way. "Hey there, Kid. Welcome to our discussion of yours and BlackStar's imminent gay love."

BlackStar suddenly looks like he wants to punch a poor, defenseless wall. None of them are surprised when he really does take a swing at it, nor do any of them gasp in shock when the slab of sideways concrete fairs worse than his knuckles and spindly cracks appear in the wall. Kid raises an eyebrow from where he's hovering on his skateboard before shrugging and lazily tossing his twin pistols into the air as he descends. The Thompson sisters revert back to human-form, and Patty immediately rushes to inspect the abused wall.

"Sis! Look, look, look – it's like a spider-web!" she exclaims, far too excited about this new development.

Liz sighs, smiling tiredly yet fondly. "That's nice, Patty."

"Are Kid and BlackStar going to kiss or what?"

"…wow, Tsubaki, I didn't expect that question from you, of all people."

"What can I say? I ship it."

"I feel so betrayed right now."

"No one cares, BlackStar."

"Well, shit. That makes me want to prove we aren't 'meant to be' or whatever."

Then his head snaps back towards Kid. BlackStar doesn't even think about it. His hands dart across the gap of space separating him and the son of death and he grabs Kid by the front of his jacket, face unnervingly blank. There's only enough time for Kid to realize that BlackStar is longer kidding, to take a single, unsure step back before lips are pressed lightly onto his and he melts. It's like a switch flips on in both their brains, triggering a series of screams that sound something like so right, so right and don't stop, don't stop. 

Maka isn't fairing much better, watching the interaction – her knees are going weak because there's only so much a girl can take when she's a closeted yaoi-fangirl. Soul has to catch her when her legs finally do buckle, which really makes him want to kick his two lip-locking friends in the face.

"Alright, we get it."

No response.

Soul's eye twitches. And then one of the fuckers moans.

"Oh hell no," Soul turns around and promptly shoves his fingers into his ears. "Go to your happy place, Soul. Where your friends aren't trying to swallow one another and the object of your affections isn't enjoying said attempted cannibalism... oh man, I said that out loud."

Thankfully, Maka is thoroughly passed out on the concrete, a lovely river of blood flowing from her nose and - well, now she's drowning in it. Tsubaki hides behind Liz, her face a blazing-red color and looking for all the world that she wanted to vanish. Liz, on the other hand, seems completely unfazed, examining her nails with a deep frown.

"Holy shit! Do that agai-" BlackStar lets out a rather enthusiastic moan, and Soul sees his hands traveling farther down Kid's back. And down, and down, and down, and-

"Oh!"

And then Kid is pinning BlackStar to the ground.

"Fuck this. I'm gone before this gets downright gross and the hips start rolling." Soul carefully picks up his Meister and storms off the balcony.

Tsubaki peeks out from behind the blonde curtain of Liz's hair. "Do you think we should leave, too