is nice."

"Whatever, Cas." Dean sighed, refusing to acknowledge how hot his face felt as he pushed open the wooden double-doors.

The two brothers and their accomplice quickly found the Impala, Dean fishing his keys out of his pocket. He unlocked his Baby and opened the backseat doors to nudge Cas through them. Cas, however, wasn't having it, and he roughly yanked Dean into the backseat with him. Dean let out a startled yell as he and Cas knocked knees and elbows and heads, but the blue-eyed idiot was laughing and it was nearly impossible to stay mad.

Dean still managed, though, grumbling under his breath. "I guess you're driving," he grumpily told Sam, and very reluctantly tossed him the keys.

Sam tried not to join Cas in laughter - really, he tried so goddamn hard - but Dean was pouting.

"Yeah, yeah," Dean snapped. "Just keep laughing and we'll see what kinds of viruses I can get on your laptop."

Sam's laughter promptly shriveled up and died in his throat, right as the Impala roared to life. Cas' laughter silenced itself, too, but only because he'd fallen asleep, sprawled lengthwise on the seat with his head awkwardly tucked against Dean's side and not quite in his lap.

"What even happened to him?" Sam asked. "You seemed like you knew."

Dean didn't acknowledge him, and Sam was about to get angry – he'd lost track of how many times Dean had ignored his questions throughout the night – until he caught Dean raising a hand in the rear-view mirror. Cas had slumped further, cheek now pressed to Dean's thigh. His brother's fingers twitched above Cas' head, as though they wanted to run themselves through Cas' hair, but Dean just curled the hand into a fist and let it drop. Sam couldn't resist rolling his eyes this time; Dean really needed to stop kidding himself.

"Do I need to repeat–"

"People being scumbags, Sam," Dean said quickly. "That's what happened."

Sam clenched his jaw against his brother's vagueness. "Still not following."

"Typical party stuff, Sam!" Dean hissed, then rolled his eyes. "Oh, right, how could I forget? You never went to parties; you stayed home and got your nerd on, dated your textbooks instead of that hotty in your math class."

Sam gave him the bitch-face. "Seriously, Dean? Are you going to start this again?"

"No," Dean huffed. "Because even you should know what roofies are."

The younger Winchester's eyebrows raised in surprise. "Wait... someone roofied Cas? In all honesty, I thought that was a tactic used strictly on girls."

Dean narrowed his eyes, subconsciously pulling Cas closer as he cocked his head in a 'really?' motion. "That's what you're going with, Sam? Used strictly on girls?" he questioned severely.

"Wow, okay. Hearing it again, I sound like an ass," Sam conceded with a grimace.

"Yeah, you do, but I think that's kinda normal for you," Dean agreed distractedly, looking at Cas.

"How do you think he even stayed awake if he got roofied? He should have been out cold a lot sooner."

"Probably lingering angel side-effects, man." Dean shrugged, looking out the windshield as the Impala arrived at the bunker. "Go ahead, Sammy. I'll get Mr. Comatose up and follow in a minute."

Sam craned his neck to look back at Dean. "You sure you can get him out by yourself?"

Dean nodded. "Yeah, 'course I can."

The Impala's door slammed shut behind Sam, and Dean switched his gaze to the ex-angel lying across his lap, shaking him as he whispered, "Hey. Wake up, Cas."

Cas' brow furrowed as he stirred awake. "Wha–" his words broke with a tremendous yawn before he could continue, "Dean? What is it?"

"Come on," Dean prompted, bouncing a leg under Cas' head to get Cas off his lap and out of the car. "We're home, buddy."

"Oh, I see. The bunker," Cas murmured sleepily. The sharp movement against his head was doing absolutely nothing to motivate him. He couldn't just abandon the little warmth he still had, and he was already going limp again, eyes shutting. Dean was here, after all – and to Castiel, Dean meant safety.

But the hunter in question groaned and sat up more as Cas sank back into his lap. "No, Cas. You can relax again when we get inside."

"No," the other refused shortly.

Dean huffed in disbelief and tried to push Cas off of him again, alarmed to feel a rumble come from the unwilling lump. Dean froze. Cas was growling at him.

"No," Cas stubbornly repeated, fingers grabbing onto