graceful ones.

"One more," Marvelous said, sounding royally bored from his seat.

"She’s tired," Joe said, though not unkindly. (the fucking jerk).

He was right; her muscles have long since turned to cotton with exhaustion and her knees refused to support her upright. But damned if she was going to take Joe’s offered hand to help her up, and damned if she was going to make herself look like a weakling in front of Marvelous, who - whether she liked it or not - was the fucking captain.

Luka was determined to prove her worth to both of them, no matter what it took.

So she slapped Joe’s hand away and pushed herself off the fucking floor, and aimed the sword at his neck, willing her arm not to betray her.

"Three more," she said, voice trembling, and Joe responded with a smirk.

Marvelous yawned.

(fucking jerks, both of them.)

-

A few weeks into their training, and Luka realized Joe was just that good in using his sword.

"You have to learn how to read your opponent’s thoughts and anticipate their next move," Joe said, and there was an unbridled impatience in his tone now.

(maybe it’s because she hadn’t eaten, because Marvelous said she couldn’t eat until she’d beaten Joe at least once, but Joe was not the kind to allow himself to lose just so she could fucking eat and felt guilty for it.)

She rolled her eyes at him. “You’re talking too much, Joe,” Luka said, then charged at him.

He’d easily blocked her attack and pushed her off of him, and she’d barely found her footing before he was at her face again. The next second she was landing on her ass, looking up at Joe and cursing him in all the languages she knew.

Marvelous grunted and made his way to the dining table. He uncovered a plate of boiled meat (the smell made her mouth water despite the distance because her eyes weren’t the only sharp sense she had, fucking damnit) and looked at her. “I’m beginning to wonder if you’re going to eat some time today, Luka, or if you’re just going to stand there and watch us when we dine.”

(fuck you.)

Joe’s jaw tightened, and he said, “You’re being too harsh, Marvelous. Luka needs her strength if she’s to fight me.”

She couldn’t tell if he was showing her kindness or cruelty or both.

(fuck you.)

"I have to be," Marvelous said, and for the first time there was an edge to his voice. "The Zangyack forces are getting stronger every day. She’s as good to me dead if she can’t fight for her life. If she can’t fight for me." He shrugged. "Might as well leave her behind in our next stop."

Luka gritted her teeth. “Are you saying I’m weak?”

"Are you?"

"You’re wrong and I’ll prove it," Luka said, the claws of desperation beginning to run up her veins. No, no, the prospect of attaining the greatest treasure, of her buying a planet for children— “Just— Marvelous—”

Marvelous yawned again, and positioned himself to ignore her and eat.

Luka’s temper snapped. All she wanted was to slit their throats as wide as she could (their fault for putting a sword in her hands) but then she settled with saying; “Well, if I’m not going to eat - who’s to say the two of you are?”

It’s a wonder she was even able to speak evenly when there was a gnawing pain in her stomach and it was agony just to keep her fingers around the sword’s handle. But it was worth it, when Marvelous’ head snapped up to look at her, and Joe began to regard her with growing suspicion.

"What do you mean?"

She placed a hand on her hip and grinned cockily. “I like to experiment every once in a while in the kitchen, when I’m alone,” she said, lying through her teeth because she never had a kitchen to step foot in before, and she wasn’t about to start now. “I may have placed something in the food that shouldn’t be there in the first place.”

Marvelous glanced at the plate and crossed his arms. “You’re lying.”

She made herself look appropriately outraged. “I’m a thief, not a liar. Learn the difference.”

Their captain gnashed his teeth. “I don’t believe you.” He grabbed a handful of the meat, brought it up to his face. He opened his mouth, thought better of it, and smelled the food instead.

The next moment, he was throwing it at his feet.

"Clean that up!" he barked, turning his back on her and stalking towards the door - presumably to eat somewhere else.

Leaving