, maybe they were right.
“We’ll see you in Qishan.”
“I’ll meet you there.”

The magi changed his destination, he could do that. Samon Island was not so far from the Kou Empire, it was farther away from their first meeting point, but he could manage. It was going to be fast, maybe just a glimpse of the former First Prince and he could be satisfied.
He could only peek a little, to make sure he was truly doing well, and then he’d leave. His plan sounded perfect.

The weather of the island was borderline hot and humid. He could feel himself sweating as he had never before—it could also be because of his nerves, but he preferred to blame the weather for that.
His first encounter was with no other than Kouha. He was way too pretty for a boy, especially with his hair being that long now. Aladdin didn’t expect the former prince to see him.
“Who are you? And what are you doing here?” But Aladdin was wrong, he had been spotted. He smiled sheepishly.
“You’ve grown, Kouha.” The man cocked a brow not understanding. No, not recognizing him. “It is me, Aladdin.”
The former Third Prince’s jaw dropped.
“It can’t be—How…? What are you doing here?!” It must’ve been the expression on his face, or the way his blue eyes drifted to the house where Kouen was, it could also have been the hot sun painting his cheeks pink. Kouha grinned. “I see~”

“N-no! You got it wrong?” The smile on the man grew bigger.

“Did I? I wonder what did I get wrong, to begin with?” Aladdin sighed resigned, there was no winning when everything was so crystal clear. “I bet you were going to peek through one of the windows or something, how creepy!” When he said it like that, it did sound creepy. The heat was traveling all over the magi’s face.
“Can I?” Kouha nodded, the grin never leaving his face. And he guided him to the door. Several guards greeted them, Aladdin didn’t pay attention to any of them. He was trembling, sweating and regretting his decision to come to Samon.
“A geezer and 15-year-old magi, who’d have thought?” laughed the former prince as he opened the door to let Aladdin inside. “I’ll leave you to it~”

The door closed behind him, he was startled. Aladdin wondered if it was too late to change his mind. The sight in front of him told him otherwise; suddenly he felt at ease, he was breathing, his heart was pounding so hard in his chest, but he was breathing. Kouen hadn’t aged an iota since he last saw him; yes, there were wrinkles here and there, but he was still handsome. His hair was longer—not like Kouha, but it clearly reached his waist now. He could be wrong. His eyes remained the same, mahogany, sharp and with a special gleam he could not decipher at all.
When Kouen looked at him, the world stopped. Brows furrowed trying to place a name to the face; the grip he had on his cane tightened.
“A—“
“Aladdin,” interrupted the man before he could finish. “I’d know those eyes anywhere.” If his heart skipped a beat, he ignored it.
“How are you doing, Mister Kouen?” He shrugged.
“It’s been a little bit quieter since Koumei left; if they had only taken Kouha instead it’d be paradise, but I’m not complaining. How about you? I haven’t seen you since you were spying on us two years ago.”

He had noticed. Was just him or the heat was stronger inside of the house?

They chatted for what felt like hours, Aladdin approached the man at one moment. The desire to touch him was there, stronger than ever before.
“How is my little brother?” Right, Kouen referred to Hakuryuu as his brother. A spark of bravery rushed through Aladdin; he took Kouen’s left hand and placed a gentle kiss against the palm.
“He is fine, thanks to you.” His voice was lower than he intended it to be. But he couldn’t deny the affection overflowing in his chest.
“Is it?” the redhead cocked a brow, eyes sharpened in a way that said ‘I want answers, and I want them now!’
The magi laughed and explained how giving Hakuryuu his arm and leg had saved him from being possessed by Gyokuen—explaining the whole thing about Arba being the mother and possessing her children’s bodies was long. He wanted to tell him everything, but time was against him.
Kouen knew that wasn’t a full answer, he understood that their time together wasn’t much, though.

Aladdin told the man how he had run away with Hakuryuu and Morgiana, the motives of such weren’t