a gross way.
In the threshold of his office, he was able to see not only the crying mess of secretary, but there were: Leraje, Asta, Agares, Dantalion, Vinea and … even Zagan was there! Which meant that Hakuryuu had escaped again. Nevertheless, that wasn’t the important thing.
Kouen raised a brow, the question implied in his facial expression; he was getting moody and needed to know what on earth was happening. The murmurs of all of them shushed down when they looked at his spouse. Some of them gasped, Leraje joined Phenex in the crying … and now they were hugging, and no one was explaining to Kouen what was happening.
He cleared his throat, the murmurs almost died at that. Astaroth, Vinea and Dantalion were next to Aladdin―when did they approach his spouse? ― And were almost kneeling, the redhead growled under his breathe. The three Arabian went back to their senses, or so he thought.

 

“We’re so sorry, Mr. Kouen!” cried Asta, both of his hands up. Where he would be able to see them.

“I would love an explanation of why,” he pointed at the whole bunch. “Are you in my office and tormenting my guest?”

“Spouse,” corrected, Aladdin. “I am Spouse of Mr. Ren Kouen’s, nice meet you all.” The gasping in the room was present; they were loud and irritating. He thinks Leraje and Phenex’s cry increased in level now.

He needed to finish that serious talk with the eleven year-old, he can’t just go everywhere he pleases introducing himself as his spouse. He was his spouse, but the rest of the word didn’t need to know it!

 

“He’s just like his father,” cried Zagan, it was the first time he spoke, or even seemed like a human and breathing being. “Although I’d say he’s got Sheba’s eyes. The shape, I mean, her eyes were pink or something like that.”

Kouen shot him a glare, if he was not going to give a proper explanation, better not to talk. That was his first rule. Zagan cleared his throat in an awkward manner, then he took a deep breathe.
“Mr. Kouen, you know why we are in this country.” Started to explain the blond man, of course he knew! They were refugees of war. Their country, Alma Torran, broke into civil war and they were just a few of the small bunch that managed to escape; the story of how all of these ones came to the Ren household is another one. The red-haired man nodded, giving away the order to his cousin’s tutor to continue his explanation.
“Well,” he paused, the CEO didn’t need him to stop he wanted answers. “In our country, there was this King. Solomon was his name. Solomon Jehoahaz Abraham.”
The blond man took off his glasses to clean them up a little. Kouen looked at him; everybody was looking at Zagan. His eyes darted from the blond to his spouse. Aladdin was being held in the arms of Phenex and Leraje … when did they…? Stupid question; Aladdin didn’t seem to mind at all the attention, he rolled his eyes.

“Our Queen was, Solomon’s wife, Sheba. She was … ammm, she was nice.” A loud snort―Vinea’s― was heard in the room; Zagan went beet red. “The fact that we didn’t get along doesn’t mean she was a bad Queen.” Corrected Zagan, his eyes were fixated on Aladdin now.

 

“You did not get along, or you were too posh and full of yourself for her kind tricks?” It was Astaroth who asked now; they were changing the topic of the conversation, Kouen coughed annoyed. They went silent, the bickering died so suddenly.

“As I, was saying,” the blonde-haired made a lot of emphasis in that. “As usual, our great King was an Alpha, and Queen Sheba was the Omega he chose as his wife.
“Even though she was an Omega, they for sure took their good time to bear any children,” he reminded silent for a couple of seconds. “Until the day Queen Sheba announced the news to everybody, an heir was on its way.”

Everybody’s faces froze in pain; they were excited before, and now….

“When our prince was born, that woman.” Kouen never thought that such poisonous tune would ever left the blond’s mouth. Not even when he complained about Amon or Hakuryuu himself, he used that voice. “She started to play with people’s minds. She brainwashed them. Moreover, civil war was declared. A few managed to escape, but our Great King, our Queen and their baby couldn’t.”

 

“A lot of the other Alnnabils and Sayidas of the 72 court didn’t make it either.” Leraje, who by far was the youngest of the bunch spoke sadly, her eyes