voice. So this girl was Kise Ryouko. Other men dared to lust after Akashi’s woman; worse, they dared to make public their affections for the blonde girl that was meant to marry him.

“Hey! I’ve seen you around-ssu” she was now talking to him, and he swore he had never heard a voice as beautiful as hers. “Hi, I’m Kise Ryouko.”

“Akashi Seijuurou” and he offered his hand, smiling she took it for a quick handshake. Beautiful, he thought again. She was wearing the boring girl school uniform but she still looked great, her makeup was soft and her lips were pink and bright.

“Akashicchi, then! I saw your tryout for the team and I have to say that Akashicchi is an amazing player-ssu”

He should be annoyed for the “cchi” suffix but if it was her calling him that, he could be comfortable.

“I heard you are in the female team, first string. I’m impressed” she pouts and still looks beautiful.

“What’s that supposed to mean? Kurokocchi, Akashicchi is being mean!” Akashi smiled.

 


I smell her sweet perfume making rounds around the room.



'Cause she is a downtown girl, a downtown girl.



Her lips are red and those hips are turning heads.



'Cause she's a downtown girl, a downtown girl, a downtown downtown girl girl



A downtown downtown girl ohhh


 

The only reason Akashi hanged out with them is because they’re Ryouko’s friends and if she likes them then he has to get used to her future-wife’s relatives and friends.

Talking about her, Akashi couldn’t help but notice how well she smelled; not that he was creeping around her, but she being she and liking to hug all of her friends ―he included―always left a fine trail of her scent mixed with peach perfume.

He’s not a stalker; the thing is that Ryouko is like a magnet to his eyes. Thing that makes him go wherever she goes, just hanging out; he even bought the same perfume she uses. Of course, that perfume was meant to be to his grandmother living in Kyoto and not for his pillow, because Akashi definitely is not a creeper and not even for a girl as cheerful, bright, noisy, with no sense of personal space ―thing that, by the way, does not bother Akashi, unless that lack of space is with other people― and beautiful as Kise Ryouko.

 

 

“Ne~ listen guys. Momocchi is going to throw a birthday party-ssu. I said we all are going.”

“That’s inappropriate Kise-san. You should’ve asked us first.”

“I’m not feeling like going to Tokyo just for a party.”

Ryouko’s pouts were a thing that Akashi loved; he always wanted to join the complaints to make her pout even more, even if he’s not invited with this Momocchi girl’s party.

“Ryouko, you need to pay more attention to your behavior. It’s annoying when you burst yourself in that kind of way.”

“But even Akashicchi is invited-ssu” She pouted more and Akashi felt more in love with her. “I tried my best to convince Momocchi and Aominecchi to let you come even if you’re no part of our Middle School group-ssu.”

“Eh? Ahomine’s going? Then count me in, Kise! I want a chance to play again with that idiot.” Kagami’s eyes were on fire and totally excited. This Aomine guy must be a good basketball player if his simple name turned Kagami’s desire to smash-in-a-court on.

“Don’t call my Aominecchi Ahomine, you Bakagamicchi-ssu! And of course Aominecchi is going, Aominecchi is Momocchi’s best friend-ssu.”

Eh? Her Aomine she said? Then she has a boyfriend … Akashi could feel his yellow eye twitching. So he has a rival and was so ready to crush him. Crush him to thousands and thousands of pieces and then marry Kise.

 


Living like a celebrity all the guys lined up and the drinks are free



She's knows she's hot but that's all she got.



Everybody knows she's on the move with her six inch heels and an attitude,



to seal the deal she shoots to kill, but I'm not going down.



I smell her sweet perfume making rounds around the room.



'Cause she is a downtown girl, a downtown girl.



Her lips are red and those hips are turning heads.



'Cause she's a downtown girl, a downtown girl, a downtown downtown girl girl



A downtown downtown girl ohhh


 

Akashi fears he’s way too early, but he was nervous about seeing Kise before the other guys arrived. He’s meant to ask her about her … her … boyfriend. And damn it! That word tastes sour on his tongue when it is not referring at himself.

And there she is. Wearing a short blue skirt and high heels; with