’s not a completed work,” he starts his search for material, once again, roaming the whole place. When he finally is able to find something useful he takes it. So, he grabs as much papers and markers as he was able to carry.

Once back in his room he puts his plan to action, William is not an artist but he tries his best to draw a pine tree on the sheets of paper he, previously,  united using the tape and markers he robed.

 

The boy’s face is priceless the moment he wakes up. William feels satisfied with himself, he handed over the tiny crystal star he stole to the boy; “Merry Christmas.” The brunet hugs him so tightly, William is taken aback and unable to react until five seconds in the embrace passed. Behind them the drawing of the Christmas tree was hanging on the wall, no words are spoken for a while.

 

“I got you something else,” the brown eyes of the boy widen, for a moment they looked sad.

 

“I got you nothing,” is his response.

 

“Nonsense. You’re with me, that’s enough!” they hug again and William had to break it this time, he blames it on the need to deliver the other gift. He would never admit that his teenaged brain was messing with him. “Do you remember when you told me about your nanny?” The brunet nodds sadly. The older boy pointed to his right, “she wants to talk to you now, will you?”

However, William never hears the response, his mind goes black.

 

When he opens his eyes the first thing he sees is his companion with bloodshot eyes and a worried expression; he smiles to ease the kid.

 

“You got another strand of blond hair.” William tries to look up at his hair in a comical way, knowing he wouldn’t be able to, the boy laughed and shook his head. “I think I figured it out,” his left hand caresses William’s hair, fingers roaming through it and momentarily touching his head. “Every time someone uses your body, your hair loses color. Your brows and nape are still jet black, though.”

 

 

 

The following days weren’t as blissful as that small shared Christmas, but they’re still hanging on somehow. William hates it when is his friend’s turn into the white room. The brunet always ended bruised and vomiting all over the place; too weak to function. Those moments were when he remembers how young he is, and William was older now; 16 years didn’t feel different for him. Just a number more added to his lifetime, one year more and one less.

When his turn to enter the white room comes, he’s  already prepared. One of the scientists nods at him, while the blond sits on the uncomfortable bed.

 

“Happy Birthday Will,” the blond nods again, not knowing what to respond. He wouldn’t be able to, immediately a needle pierces his skin. He sees the shiny blue liquid entering his body. After that, the knowing ice-cold sensation invaded him whole, and his vision fades.

He stands, with help, and is guided to the metallic arch; his feet move by instinct, almost dragged. Once under the weird structure he felt a shock of electricity and his cold body became colder; he lost consciousness in that moment.

 

When he wakes up, he feels sore all over his body, a different kind of sore he is used to. A brunette in a white coat is checking for him. He notices IV and other stuff in his body, the first thing he think is that something had gone wrong. The continuos ‘beep’ from a machine indicates him he is, still, alive.

 

“Shh, you should be resting now,” expresses the brunette in a soft and kind voice when he tried to sat on the bed. “William, we tried our best.” With that her face goes sad, he blinks confused just to notice his right eye isn’t responding. He lifts one hand to feel the annoying texture of bandages covering it. That was it, then?

Now reading will be bothersome, he thinks and laughs ironically. The brunette injects something in the IV, before he could protest he gave up and closed his eye. Tiredness feeling heavier second by second.

 

Voices wake him up next. William tries to open his eye, just a little to peek and not give away his conscious state to the men in the room. He recognizes the voices.

 

“After last failure, we should use a millimeter or two less, we don’t want him to lose the other eye.”

 

“Make the test with subject number 34,” are they talking of…? No, they wouldn’t … they couldn’t. “After all, he needs to be asleep while testing. It wouldn’t matter if he loses an eye … or a limb.”

 

William’s body is tense, he opens his mouth to argue, to say he could run the other test with less blue formula. But someone’s