dance only wetting the tip of their feet.

Wait. He just waited until his inseparable friend end with his music; when it happened the blond had put the jar on the floor and smiled sadly to Pan, and Pan got it.

"Well beauties, it's time for your nap"

The nymphs argued, but with a gaze of the satyr were enough to keep them quiet and made their understood that he wanted that they get out.

"We will play tomorrow sweeties." Every one began to disappear. One nymph flew with the wind, some of them ran with the river and the other just became one with the earth and the flowers.

When Pan stood he fell down again with an extra weight, and very hungry lips on his; he kissed back and hugged the thin body over him.

"You drank without me!"

"Yeah~! It was a wedding."

"That means…. I'll be uncle… again!"

"Of cooooursee~ heehe. I always do a good job," he laughed and kissed him again before to stand up and apologize because of his effusively.

They sat leaning against the trunk of a leafy tree and they began to drink, laugh, teased and caressed awhile.

The time passed with jokes and the sky gradually stained in a pretty orange color. Pan was drunk and his eyes show it; and Dio… well his blush could make competition with Antares.

Strong steps could be heard whilst they broke leaves and branches, but the God and his friend thought that it could be a doe looking for a place to spend the night. The degree of intoxication in their blood, the lust, the Dionysus' broken heart and the very aphrodisiac scene that they stared at, made they kiss again while Pan caressed one of the white thighs of the young God.

The ceramic cups were poured wetting their bodies and making the sweet scent of the wine gets impregnated onto them. The kiss was cut, and no because they wanted, but for a strongest force that pulled of the God out of Pan's range. Pulling he so hard that the touch on his skin became a bloody scratch.

Dionysus staggered quite dizzy but he never fell down, because a strong chest kept him; he looked up and met with the angrily eyes of the God of the Sun, he shivered and tried to walk away.

Apollo did not give his 'enemy' time to react when he sinks his fist in Pan's stomach. That was the first time Apollo hit anyone. And it feels so damn good! With a smile he took his brother's wrist and walked away with him.

They continued walking along the river, but Dio couldn't walk more and fell down, he was no more drunk, but now he's scared and his legs were affected due to the alcohol that he had drank. He sat over the grass and touched his hurt thigh; he realizes then that his robe was dyed with red. He is close to touch the three scratches on his skin when a soft hand stopped him. Apollo was sitting with his legs on the sides of the other God; he caresses the bloody thigh and laid his forehead in the blond's crook between the neck and shoulder.

With his hands he covers the blood. Apollo's strong hands made force on Dionysus and made him lay. Then they looked at each other. Green wrath and blue sadness meet. The pupils do not stop looking, neither when Apollo looked for the other lips, whose denied the kiss, but when Apollo's tongue started to draw their form, they agreed. It was a very, very weird kiss, and Dio takes it as a mock, due the excess of visual contact; slowly he poses his hands on his old brother's arms, trying to keep him away.

His eyes filled with tears but Apollo couldn't care less, he only kisses him harder and Dionysus couldn't keep the rhythm. Dionysus moans when felt his brother's pelvis against him with the proof of what Apollo desired.

When he broke the kiss, he didn't let him go. His tongues licked the neck and naked chest and…. Stop! Apollo's pucker frown cannot be more… pucker. "You smell like him"

"Eh?"

He never got an answer, instead he flew direct to the river, when he reacted he spites out water and waves his long hair to remove the excess of water, ready to yell at his brother, he saw him totally naked entering in to the river. And the blush replaced the embarrassment that the wine had produced.

Both chests collided when Apollo took Dionysus sharply, action that Dionysus felt a bit painful. The embrace was possessive and rude, like the way they kissed.

For first time in his bender life, Dio did not know how to respond, that was the most passionate he tasted ever, neither his satiric friend kissed like that. Less Eros, his cousin cannot emanate too much passion as his brother does.

He shivers. Apollo's hands down his back and posed in his hips helping-forcing him to open his legs. In