His walking was a little confused and long, every time he arrived where it must be, it wasn't there. Of course the nymphs told him where to go, but it was always the same.

Then, during his walk through the forest he stumbled with something; thanks to Zeus his face hasn't hit to the floor, and thanks, too, to his agility that he could put his hands between he and the floor in time. A complaint could be heard and Apollo turns angrily to saw it. Lying on the floor, drunk and sleeping.

With all his elegance, Apollo stood and kicked Pan's stomach; and the son of Hermes woke up cursing in name of Zeus, but he silenced at the moment he looked up and saw those angry green eyes.

Pan gulped and tried to smile. Thing that was nasty, in the opinion of Apollo.

"May I help you?"

"Sit down and start to talk."

The young satyr obeyed him at got seat next to the God; and immediately Apollo yelled:

"No next to me, you―"

If Pan saw or not the grimace on Apollo's face, Apollo couldn't care less; with his hands in his head Pan sat leaning against a rock, whilst Apollo was sitting on one.

"Now, I want to know about Dionysus."

"W-what do you need to k-know?"

"Everything, so start now."

"Sure?"

"Speak it out!" Pan shivered and thought how Dionysus would torture him if he ever knew; but really, he was most scared of Apollo, his best friend's lover.

After a deep sigh the satyr began to talk since Dio's premature birth due to his mom's death by Zeus's own hand and caused by Hera….

"Dio was born sexless. And your daddy Zeus… I mean, the almighty Zeus kept him on his thigh near of… you… your highness should know of where I am talking about.

»Time passed and Dionysus demanded to born, but if he does, your stepmother would kill him, whence, due Dio's androgynous nature; Zeus gave Dionysus to the north nymphs; asked them to hide him… and, Hera sought him as a male; but, this was only the nymphs' knowledge. Dio knew how to change himself at his desire… I mean; he knows how to change his sexuality."

Pan said at Apollo's confused gaze.

"Dionysus could be a man or a woman, whatever he wants, the fact that he was born with pe-… manhood, his body and face were―and still―pretty feminine.

»And he used to take it in his own favor, he lived like a woman till he turned 13 years.
By the same time I, one year older, was looking for the kind of pleasures that the north could offer to me, and we met.
Was near a lake, the cold embraced my entrails, but for she it was so natural, the cold couldn't touch her; her blond hair fell in her shoulders and she took it off her forehead with a ribbon. Her body was thin and very shapely, -if I could say-, her big and blue eyes and her white skin almost naked. I couldn't believe that she was a simple nymph.
When I met her, her cheeks were blushed and her eyes were glassy; she smiled at me, and called me waving her hand and laughing."

Pan doubted in confess to Apollo that he was excited by only seeing her, but the satyr appreciated his manliness so he just shut up that little detail. The serious―and suprised―green glance commanded him to continue.

"Well! She called me and told me that she opened a cellar to steal some grapes, but they were no longer to eat; she put up one of her feet to my face, there were stained and soaked, they dripped a pinkish liquid that, after a little time, she gave me to taste; she forced me to drink her new 'accidentally' invention.

»Our elixir finished, there was no more chill and I could feel heat running through my whole body. I looked up and saw how she got naked and stood on a little wood bucket; I heard the tune of fruits being smashed.
I'm curious, so I got closer and looked what she was squelching were grapevine to immediately convert a kind of juice that I didn't know what it was, but its flavor was amazing."

The faun shut up suddenly. He was recalling how he cleaned the 'nymph's' feet with his tongue, he remembered how that night he made her his and the next morning they woke up with a horrible headache and sickness; and he discovered she wasn't a virgin nymph.

"Together we suffered the pain of the day before drunkenness. Introduced herself as Dionysus, thing that made me doubt. She was a girl, a nymph with a male name!
After two nights, obviously drinking, I got to know her better; the fact she was SON of Zeus