really doesn't want to, but the way his eyes look up to her now convinced her otherwise. The one she loves most in all the realms, and she will have to let him go. But she cannot pay that price without adding further costs because the clock won't strike midnight until it's both hands on the twelve. Emma. She has to send Emma away with Henry and the one thing she loves most becomes two.

She is searching for her all over town until she finds her, takes her hand and takes them away in a cloud of purple smoke. She doesn't have time for the delusion of a rescue mission. No more Operation Cobras. She is vaguely aware that this is a bad idea, that Emma is asking her a lot of questions including a lot of swear words, but she moves in to silence her with a kiss. Surprised ocean eyes widen to stare at her before they flutter closed, and the voice that was shouting shouldn't shouldn't shouldn't in Regina's head fades away as their first kiss grows.

After all, Regina always has had an exceptional ability to disregard all consequences. Collateral damage is just a thing you learn to live with, if you always do the bad thing anyways. And be that damage to Regina's own heart. Oh, the holes she has torn into her intestines like this. The absolute void it tears into her very soul when Emma shifts to kiss her back and Regina invades a velvet mouth with her tongue, tangling her fingers in soft, blond hair...

They are up the stairs and on her bed before she can think, and Emma's back is painfully pressed against the headrest with Regina straddling her lap like a queen would her throne before either of them even know what they are doing. It's probably better this way. This way, Regina doesn't need to worry wether her teeth will leave unexplainable marks on Emma's neck because they do, this way she doesn't need to wonder wether Emma will ever remember that she was wearing the same shirt last tuesday as she takes it off her. Because Emma won't.

Regina's fingers are running over bare skin for what will be the first and the last time, trying to memorize, to take in every inch at once and commit them to thoughts that will surely drive her mad when this is over. She still takes everything, because she doesn't care. It doesn't matter if this is worth it, if the tiny sighs and soft moans and the way Emma says ''Regina'' just that once, so different from all the other times she has ever spoken her name, will eventually outweigh her pain.The scope of ensuing misery doesn't matter when Regina takes off her own shirt and feels Emma cup a breast and struggle with the clasp of her bra. She removes it for her.

She couldn't be quite sure wether Emma has ever even done this before, but the blonde takes a nipple into her mouth without hesitation, suckling and scraping her teeth over Regina's chest. Running her hands over Regina's sides, her thighs. Reaching back to squeeze her ass and get the former queen out of those all-business-and-no-pleasure-pants. Cupping between her legs when she succeeds, somewhat questioningly, until Regina rocks right into her hand when she moves her hips yes, yes she wants this. She has been waiting for this for years. She wants those fingers inside of her, NOW.

She is still in Emma's lap when she feels herself being filled, reaches down to guide Emma's wrist and adds her fingers to her own clit. She comes so fast that riding Emma feels like flying. She does it all over again, velvet walls clenching down on Emma's fingers to keep them in place. But she is hungry for so much more.

She barely allows herself to come down from her second orgasm before she descends on Emma with teeth and claws and a feeling so wild one could almost call it love. Emma admits that she likes it rough and in that moment Regina loses herself, torn between Emma and the queen that still lives somewhere inside of her. But they both want the same thing.

They make Regina tear off Emma's clothes, marvel at the blood Regina draws on Emma's skin, revel in the power Regina feels when she wraps her fingers around Emma's throat so tightly she can barely breathe. Regina couldn't be gentle if she wanted to be. And they love it.

She captures Emma's hands above her head and keeps them there. All it takes is a thought and a little bit of magic and Emma is tied to the bed as Regina roams over her body, the silken skin warm beneath her mouth but burning to the touch. She lowers her regal head knowing that every flick of her tongue, every twitch of her fingers inflicted on Emma will be another invisible bruise blooming on Regina's ribcage come morning. She doesn't mind, for a taste. For