awake to scandalize. And she knew exactly where to start.

She sped straight on into the town's center and took a sharp turn towards the clock tower. Then she slowed down, searching. There. A young woman was just closing the door of the public library and locking it up. Very slowly, Cruella drove past her. Belle's shocked gasp was even louder than Regina's as Mal went down on her. 'That's what you get for taking all the fun out of the Dark One', Cruella thought. She cackled madly and put the pedal to the floor, eager to reach her next destination after the first one had turned out so nicely.

Dedicating this chapter to RegalVampress23. Hope you like it!

Cruella knew that the young woman she had possibly just scarred for life had a best friend, and that friend had a grandmother who owned a diner that did not serve her drinks no matter how NICELY she asked for them. She pushed the pedal down even harder and took a few sharp turns that elicited a series of sounds from the back that could be classified as shrieks, moans and -was that a pop?- accordingly. 

She found the younger wolf hauling the diner's advertising sign inside and stopped with screeching brakes ("dammit, Cru!") to make absolutely sure she got everyone's attention. The young woman let go of the sign with a loud bang as she took in the couple banging in the backseat. Cruella saw her eyes darken at the sight and winked at her. Ruby blushed.

Regina moaned loudly at the way Maleficent's tongue traced her insides and Cruella searched for her favourite gin between all the scattered speeding tickets and discarded clothes. She had no intentiom of going anywhere, waiting, waiting...

An elderly woman emerged from the diner carrying a crossbow and aiming it at her head. Cruella smiled at her as a projectile hit her, but it was just a piece of black lace from the back that came to rest on her dashboard. Cruella's grin widened and then froze as Granny shifted her aim from Cruella's head to the hood of her car. 

"Oh no you won't", she snarled, and gunned the engine, fully prepared to drive all over that old hag and her bloody "no-serving-drinks-to-serial-killers" policy. Small towns and their prejudices. And never mind that Granny always served REGINA, who had been redeemed just to prove to Mal that she was still a bad girl all over again. 

Unfortunately, Granny was shoved aside and saved by the young wolf, and Cruella just couldn't get herself to dent that pretty face. She reversed, instructing her passengers to "hold on!" ("On WHAT?"), and emerged back on the street as an arrow whizzed past her. 

"Handcuffs on the right, darling", she said to Mal, and a minute later atleast one of them was permanently chained to the car in case of an accident. Regina protested somewhat halfheartedly, in a voice so deliciously low and throaty that everybody knew she didn't truly mind. She was getting close, so close, but Cruella had to be somewhere when that happened. "Slow down!", she and Mal called almost at the same time, both knowing that the other wouldn't.

I never did a series before (and doubt I ever will again), but your feedback has been amazing! Enjoy everyone, there will only be one more chapter after this one and there are only so many characters left it can include ;)

They were leaving the town's centre, the car wrecking the road and Regina writhing beneath Mal. Cruella put all of her diluted dedication into driving, finally reaching the place she had been saving up for last. She couldn't tell (or wouldn't admit) just why she hated fairies so much, but this would teach the glitter bitches. They wanted true love? She would give them true love. Her own being heartbroken had nothing to do with it whatsoever.

Mother Superior had just spoken the final blessing over her fellow fairies at the midnight mass, and now they emerged from the chapel, chatting and glittering with candles and way too happy faces. Cruella stopped the car and thought she could see Blue's heart stop at what was happening within. She did not quite have a heart attack (very disappointing indeed), but hurried to get the fairies to their dorms before they saw it, too. They were so easily affected and Blue could already envision fairies falling in love with each other left right and centre, distracting them all from the utmost importance of DUST. 

She slowly moved in front of the car, casually leaning against a window, watching every fairy make her way inside except for one. Why did it always have to be this one? Tinkerbell had come over just as Regina's orgasm came crashing down and everything seemed to happen at once:

First there had been a whisper, a quiet "such a bad girl, Regina", then there had been blood in Regina's mouth as she tried to keep from crying out, third there was a loud, strangled moan