the Queen never answered when she could hear. The Queen was silently planning her escape. She longed to see something other than this room, longed to see Henry. Longed to no longer see her older self look at her with hate. But she was trapped, in an eternal nightmare of mirrors and magic that let her gaze upon the thing she hated most, and for now the Queen still was that thing to Regina. But Regina had never been that thing to the Queen.

 


If you're home I just hope that you're sober



Is it time to let go now you're older?


 

"You know you are going to have to set me free to get rid of me." Those were the first words the Queen said to her in daylight. Regina startled, looking at her. She had already reached the same conclusion, but she would be damned if she did it before she knew she could kill the Queen for sure. So she just said "I know", and left it at that. She was leaving herself as the Queen asked "Where are you going?" "I am going to see my son.", the Mayor replied, and fled through the door, just catching the softly spoken "Our son."


 



Don't leave me this way



I won't sleep til you're safe inside


 

"How is he?", the Queen asked, as soon as Regina was back in their bedroom. Her older self stopped in front of the mirror, looking for the right words. "He worries", she said eventually, and saw the Queen's dark eyes soften in a way that nobody else could ever have seen. "And he misses us". The Queen smiled at the sentence that had just slipped from Regina's mouth, and even though Regina was horrified at her own choice of words, she also realized that the Queen was the only one who could possibly understand them. The only one who understood just what it meant to her that Henry missed them. Her. Whatever. She went to bed pointedly ignoring further questions, even though it did feel good to have someone to talk to. Someone who cared. Of course the Queen cared, she didn't know how to not care about anything. It had taken Regina years to learn how to let go of the little things that just weren't worth her wrath. She thought she had let go of the Queen, too. But she was beginning to think that maybe she should have held onto her instead.

 


Everyone has to find their own way



And I'm sure things will work out okay



I wish that was the truth


 

Regina wasn't quite sure just how it happened, she just knew that eventually, she couldn't take it anymore. There were too many voices, choices, telling her what to do when she could never make it right. The nights were silent. Only when everything had quieted down and there was nothing left to say or do for the living, the dead would come back to haunt her. Daniel. Henry. Cora. You failed us, Regina. You will never be good enough, Regina. That dress looks ridiculous on you. No one will love you like this. Now be a good girl and marry the king. "Did you see him today?", someone asked. Regina jerked up in bed. It took her a moment to come back from the past, to pick up the pieces of her shattered self... half herself. "No", she said softly, and got up, walking over to the mirror. "Oh", the Queen said, silent sympathy in her voice. She knew that Henry was their light in the darkness, and without him, well... it was easy to get lost at night. 


Oh and always the sun will rise


Thank your lucky stars you're alive



It's a beautiful life



 


"How do you feel?", the Queen asked, tilting her head, eyes intent on her older self. "Miserable", Regina replied. After all, there was no point in lying to herself. Without wanting to, she rested her right hand on the side of the mirror, bracing herself against the glass and what lay behind it while also simply holding on to anything. The Queen lifted her left hand to mirror the mayor's. Without the glass, their fingertips would be touching. "Did you find a way to kill me yet?", the Queen asked, and Regina shook her head. "I haven't even been looking."


If you make the same mistakes


I will love you either way



All I know is I can't live without you


 

There was a long silence. Regina looked into her eyes, saw them close as hers stayed wide open, eventually turning her head. She was so close to the glass that her breath fogged on the surface as she whispered "Why isn't it over?" "What do you mean?", the Queen asked. "You. Me. Snow. The curse. The darkness. Everything. Why is it never over?" Desperation crept up on her and coloured her voice, her words and thoughts. The