for?” 

Éothain separated himself from Gamling and rode up in between the two Riders. “Oh, I guess you forgot Lady Éowyn killed the Witch King.” 

Sabert was now laughing. “Lucky hit, if you ask me.”

“Speaking of ‘lucky hits’,” Gamling materialized next to the group, “Aefre would appreciate it if you would continue Eadlyn’s training.” He nodded to Éothain, making sure the young captain knew what he was referring to. “The training Éomer King ordered.” 

 

“That will be a pleasure.” Éothain was grinning broadly. 

“What?” Sabert was incredulous. “You not only will run the garrison, you’re going to teach her how to keep house?” Sabert was doing everything possible to undermine the young woman. It was if he had a personal vendetta against her. “She should just give up and let Tatae run things like they were.” With that, the man and his cronies moved forward, giving the dilapidated estate a wide berth and passing it up.

Gamling rode up next to Éothain. “Well?”

“I am going to teach her to cut out his tongue.” Gamling nodded in agreement. “And if you don’t mind, I would like to inquire about a transfer for Æþryt.”

“Oh really? Already?” Gamling was taking in the condition of the old estate, the amount of man-hours, materials, and time to rebuild the property. “And where are you thinking of sending him to?”

“I’ll need your permission and of course, Éomer’s as well.” 

Gamling began to grin. “Elfhelm it is! His wife will love you!” He clicked with his tongue, giving Dréogan the signal to move forward. 

“No.” Éothain tapped his lip thoughtfully. “Wait.”  Gamling was quiet, halting his now irate stallion and looking at his captain while the man considered something weighty. “Better idea. Ceorl?”

Gamling grinned. “You know, I am grooming him to take the captaincy of this particular garrison when it opens. Perhaps, he would be better suited here rather than at Woldenfeld.”

Éothain was watching the group distance itself from them and with a nod, nudged his horse in their general direction. “Send them… him to me. We could use a good… wake up call.”

“I’ll send Abéodan with the request as soon as we return to the hall.”  The two of them took off at a trot to catch up with their small cavalry.



 ~~~***~~~ 

“How are things going?”

She was jolted from her angry musings and jumped, startled. Grass-green eyes smiled down at her. “Éothain!” 

“That’s my name. Don’t wear it out.”  He pulled her trencher towards him. “Lamb again, I see.” He pushed it back in front of her.

“Aye, but we have quite a bit of hart in the cellars and I specifically told Tatae we needed to use it before we slaughtered a lamb for dinner.” She pushed the vegetables with her knife. “Besides,” she muttered, “I don’t particularly care for lamb. Especially hers!”

Éothain appeared to muse quietly. “Can you stomach lamb?”

“Barely and she knows it!” Eadlyn pushed the meat away to the corner of her trencher and stabbed into the over-cooked vegetables. “Apparently,” she nodded to Cuichelm and Sabert, “they love lamb so we all must love lamb.”

“Eat the vegetables. Please.” Éothain leaned over and whispered in her ear, something that caused several in the small hall to watch them behind covert eyes. “I want to start up your Shield Maiden training tomorrow and the last thing I want is for you to waste away.” He gently and playfully pinched her arm. “You’re finally starting to put some meat on those bones. I would hate to have to feed you in your bath again.” He leaned in closer, his lips brushing her ear. “Actually, that is a lie; however, I do believe your housekeeper would swoon at the thought. We aren’t in Edoras, anymore.”

Eadlyn blushed clear to the roots of her hair. “Captain Éothain, I believe you are quite forward.”

He shrugged good-naturedly and pulled away, leaving Eadlyn feeling oddly naked. “Maybe in some eyes.” He speared a bite of green beans from his own trencher, his face turning sour. “Béma! How can anyone stand to eat this shite?” Eadlyn’s eyes grew wide, but she continued to focus on her plate.

With all the building of new homes for the new Riders and the old captain, in addition to the hurried planting of the fields (they had been fertilized weeks before, thank Béma!),  it had been decided by Aefre and Gamling before they left that evening meals should be taken by all in the hall. It would lend an air of solidarity, plus help the new members of the little hamlet that was growing up around the estate to feel a part of the community. Many of the wives of Riders were eager to help and already were making friends with the established families.