about him anymore.”

Thorin stood up, was lifting out a second helping. “If your boys need a father, then marry. Dwalin-”

“I'm not ready to remarry, just like you're not!” The things on the table bounced as Thorin sat down and angrily banged his plate on the place in front of him. Again, he began to shovel food in his mouth. “You need a reason to get up in the morning! Your table manners are disgusting and you've completely reverted into some sort of cave beast!” 

Thorin chewed his mouthful and swallowed. “Caves are good places.” He began to spear green beans, his fork pinging tink tink tink tink tink. He lifted and stared at the utensil in his hand as if it were pure mithril. “How long do you expect to be here?” 

Her shoulders dropped. The battle was over before it began. Truly, she anticipated that he would argue with her, refuse. She expected a long, drawn-out screaming match that would take place for hours. “I don't know. A few months. A couple of years. You need taken care of and they need a male role model. An authority figure.” 

“Kili is getting into things.” 

“Kili is treading on my last nerve,” Dís admitted with a nervous laugh. “You should hear him try to say 'Baruk Khazâd!' I'd holler at him if it wasn't so funny.” 

Thorin finished his plate, before leaning back and staring at her. “I will take your boys in hand and in turn, you will cook and clean and do laundry.”  Dís nodded. “Fair enough. There is room here. Speaking of your little miscreants, where are they? 'Tis been amazingly quiet.” 

The evil smile he remembered well when his sister was Fili's age, spread across her face. “They are laying an ambush for you. Be prepared.” 

Thorin knew immediately he had been set up.





~~~***~~~



Actually, Kili didn't know what caution was. A more reckless dwarfling, Thorin had never met.

Opening the closet, he hung his tool belt and smithy apron on the hook and spying his cloak, decided it might be of use, so he slipped it on, fastening it around his throat. 

He first went into the living and sitting area. Thorin normally avoided the room; it had been Gin's sanctuary, her favorite place. Her chair was still there, her knitting basket and needles still in the soft colored balls of yarn, sitting next to it. There were booties, small tunics. With each and every pregnancy, she started all over, knitting a new wardrobe, only to give it away after each miscarriage. Thorin made a mental note to ask Dís to finish what was unfinished and give the clothing to an expectant dwarrow. 

He roamed the room, looking behind the chairs, seeing a blond behind his own chair in the dark. Rather than flush Fili out, he pretended not to see him and tiptoed out. 

He wanted to find Kili. Kili was more dangerous in an ambush. 

Next was the dining room. As he was living in the king's quarter's, the dining room was large, ready to sit a council, large groups. There was a separate state hall, with its own kitchens for more regal events, but this room was still considered quite elegant. 

As a result, it was rarely used. Thorin – when Gin was alive – preferring to use the simpler and cozier table in the kitchen. Many times, long, sensual nights were begun over a shared pot of stew or sampling of sticky buns or honey oat cakes. 

He made his way around the table, hearing giggling. With a shadowed smirk, he made his way to the door. 

“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH!!!! DWAGON!!!” Kili jumped from beneath the table, grabbing Thorin's cloak. Allowing himself to be hauled backwards, lest he be strangled, the Exiled Prince of Erebor turned, rolling his youngest nephew into his cloak. Hearing the commotion, dozens of fireflies rushed to the chamber, lighting the room up.  As he turned, giggling erupted from beneath the lump in his cloak, Kili finding an opening and sticking his head out. “DWAGON!” 

Thorin growled, turning into a fierce, loathsome beast, unhooking his cloak and rolling the dwarfling tighter. He then fell to his knees, finding small arms and body beneath folds and began to tickle. “GRRRRRR! WHO DARES INVADE MY CAVE???” 

“Nononono Unka Torin! NO! Hehehehehehe!” The child collapsed on the floor, trying to evade his uncle's fingers. “DON' EAT ME!!! PWEASE!!!!! IZ KEEDEE IZ KEEDEE!!!” 

“No, you are a thief come to steal my candlesticks and green beans!” Thorin spun the little one around on his back, tickling beginning anew.

“NO! NO! FEEDEE! FEEDEEFEEDEE! SABE MEEEEE!” 

No sooner than the plea was out of the child's mouth, a not-so-large lump of dwarfling landed on Thorin's back. There was a loud whack as something smacked