place to say, my lady." 

"I'm asking." She handed Eleanor her crucifix. "Would you hook this, please?" She turned her back as the girl did as she was asked.

The girl bit her tongue in thought. "When I first came, I was scared of 'im. It was whispered he was evil, a demon. But now..." her voice trickled off. "There's another side to 'im. Felicity says he pays her well to keep this room clean, just so her mother can get the herbs, salves, and medicines she needs for her burn injury. You're the reason. Before, it would bother me. But not now. He truly cares for you." There was a pat to the back of Genevieve's neck. "There you go." There was the sound of deep, male voices and spurs echoing in the hallway, as the rest of the castle came to life. "Lady Genevieve," Eleanor whispered, as if afraid to be overheard, "watch out for the Harridston girls. They are husband-hunting and both see you as a bothersome mistress." 

 

Guy had to marry, needed to marry and Genevieve knew this. But not while I'm here. Surely-

"He says I'm his lady and I intend to be his lady," she reminded the girl. 

"True, but you are not Lady Gisborne yet, and they were overheard chattering to their mother. They consider you of no merit, simply someone to tolerate and be rid of." 


Ah. Twelfth century gossip mills are just as evil as twenty-first century gossip mills. Tittle-tattle has been alive and well for a looooong time!


Before Genevieve could reply, there was a knock at the door. Not waiting for an answer, it flew open, Guy and Sir Rodrick standing at the ready. Both men drank in the bountiful eye-full of Genevieve. 

"Nice." Guy held his hand out. 

"Och, mon!" Sir Rodrick's Scottish accent was thick this morning and his eyes were red-rimmed. He good-naturedly shoved Guy to the side and took Genevieve's hand. "Good morrow, fair lady. Aye wuld escort ye to t'hall to break yer fast." 

With a smile, Genevieve withdrew her hand and drew on all the southern charm her grandmother had instilled in her from as far back as Genevieve could remember. "Oh, thank you so much Sir Rodrick; ah am so honored at your offah, but I do believe ah have promised Sir Guy mah company for the mornin' meal." She raised a finger to ward him off. "An' the midday meal an' the evening meal. In fact, he has been a voracious knight an' has promised mah company for all of the meals." 

If the knight was offended, he didn't show it. Instead, he smiled. "Sir Guy, you do be a greedy bastard!" 

Guy was taking Genevieve's hand in his. "Very." Kissing her knuckles - and making Genevieve's knees buckle in the process, he whispered against her skin, "I have something for you."





~~~...~~~



"I am a lucky man," he whispered in his ear.

"No, I think the women are jealous of me." She squeezed Guy's arm. 

"That could very well be." The two descended the steps slowly. "The stones I have put around your neck were not cheap." 

In this, he told the truth. Before leaving their rooms, Guy produced a filigreed collar inset with fingernail-sized purple stones - amethysts -  highly polished, and placed it around her neck, making sure the collar and her family necklace lay just so and complimented each other. 

They were met at the bottom of the stairs by Isabella. She quickly looked Genevieve up and down, lingering for a few extra moments on the extravagant jewelry at Genevieve's throat before dipping slightly. "Brother." 

"Sister." 

"Oh fabulous!" Genevieve smiled brightly. "We've established family ties. What's next?"

Isabella's smirk was now pasted on and insincere. "I see my brother has spared no expense in clothing you properly."

"Isabella-"

"The stones match your dress beautifully, but I must remark on the crucifix. Unusual, if beautiful piece for my brother to purchase. I did notice it yesterday when we met. You must be fond of it to wear it so much." 

"Isabella-"

"It was mine. I was wearing it when Sir Guy found me." The chatter around the trio came to a halt when she said it, including the sheriff, who was hovering over Isabella's shoulder, as well as Lord and Lady Harridston and Lady Aedyth. 

"Strange," Vaisey mused, "the story I heard was that you had been robbed and left with little to recommend you in the middle of the road." He tapped his lip thoughtfully before continuing. "If you were set on by thieves, the bandit was pathetic and incompetent for leaving such a valuable piece wrapped around your pretty little