lashes. From quiet repose, he watches as his brother's face breaks into something cocky and yet still so beautiful, animating him, lighting him up from within. Sam thinks, that's for me, that's because of me. I lit that fire, I switched on that bulb, I sparked him from the inside out. He leans in and presses his lips, warm and soft against Dean's mouth and rolls over onto his side. In a rare move he snakes one arm beneath Dean's shoulders and pulls him to him, encourages him up onto his side and Dean, in an even rarer move, allows this manhandling and lays his head onto Sam's chest, presses his right ear above the place where Sam knows his heart is still beating the distinctive rhythm of the satisfied syncopation of love.

***

"The sun's coming up...." he trails off.

Sam reaches out and traces the hard line of his jaw. "And it'll come up tomorrow and the day after that and the day after that."

Dean continues, "And it's just going to keep on rising and setting. Babies are gonna keep on being made and getting born."

"And dying. The world isn't going to stop. Now."

Dean lets out a heaving breath. "Yeah, now. Great pillow talk."

"Hey, I'm not the one who wants to talk."

"No? What do you want, Sammy?"

"I want to make sure you never forget me."

"Oh, Sam. Every minute of every hour of every day for the rest of my god damned life. You know I won't. But I've been where you're going and," he stops, a choked sound swallowed, "you've got to forget me. It's the only way you'll survive it."

"I'm not going to forget you Dean. Not tomorrow, not the next day or the day after that. Not ever, okay. And if it makes it worse, well...I'll bear it."

He watches as a shudder moves through Dean's body and then the instinctive gesture as his brother covers his face with both hands. He realizes that Dean is crying.

"No, no, no, Dean. No. Here, oh Dean, here...." He sits up and reaches down, wrapping his long fingers around Dean's wrists, tugging his arms up, hands off his face. And Dean slips his hands down through the circle of his grip, entwining their fingers and Sam has to close his eyes and hold back his own tears because it is a tenderness he's rarely felt and definitely doesn't feel deserving of. He lowers himself, slowly, achingly slowly, down to his brother's body, fitting his long legs in between Dean's knees, his thighs, his ankles, holding hard now onto Dean's hands, bending both of their arms and tucking them tight beside their cleaving bodies. Holding fast. "Don't let go, don't let go," he mouths the words into the whorl of Dean's ears.

"Never."

***

He closes his eyes, hand stroking Dean's hair, falling into sleep, his fingers fall away...

...and he finds himself standing on a great black plain beneath a silvered sky, walking towards a river winding like a venomous snake through the silt. He looks down and stops, squatting and scooping up a handful; he recognizes the ash of human bone. He wipes his palm down the front of his jeans and realizes he isn't wearing the usual jeans and t-shirt, but rather a crisp and creased white suit. He stands. He looks up and the sky is tarnished, a mirror reflecting back the barren place. He can see the figure he thinks must be himself looking up, looking down, and he looks back to the horizon quickly. 

He draws closer to the water and there is a dock with a line of people standing before it, and his gaze drifts to the small blood red waves and ripples and there is a boat moving towards his side of the shore. A hunched and bent and straining figure in the bowhead poling the craft forwards through the gruesome eddies.

He moves past the milling group and steps onto the rotten platform, feels it rock beneath his feet, steadies himself and stands on the edge as the skiff knocks up beside it, the ferryman tossing him a sodden rope as thick as his wrist. He looks and sees the pontil and goes down on one knee and ties it off. As he straightens, he finds the boatman looking at him severely.

"We don't take your kind. Seems you need to turn yourself around." He looks over Sam's shoulder and with a motion of his hand, the small group on the shore begins moving forward, flowing around Sam and onto the small boat. They stand in a tight knitted knot at the far end, the shape of them more singular than that of individuals.

"I think I