The younger man put his head into his hands and rocked slightly, groaning softly. “Fuck,” he finally bit out. He looked up at both of them but couldn’t keep his gaze on Tara, her bare legs drawn up beneath her, knees pressed into Chibs’ thigh. He fastened a forlorn look onto the other man. “You know…some days, some fucking days. Like this day? I think wow maybe that god-damned branch didn’t break. Maybe this is a kind of afterlife for bikers. A hell on earth. Valhalla only for sinners.”

Chibs sighed heavily. And indicated the pack of cigarettes. Instead Juice fished a blunt out of his cut pocket and leaned forward for the lighter. He dragged deeply at the joint and, exhaling through both nostrils, filled the room with the sweet odor of cannabis. He took another long toke, then stood and handed it across to Chibs. Tara ground out the cigarette butt and took the drug when it was offered.

For long moments the three sat quietly, smoking, and passing the joint until it was ash.

“How long-” Juice began but Chibs waved him silent.

“Not your business.”

“Yeah, you say that, Chibs. But what if it was the other way around? What if you walked in on me and-” he couldn’t say her name but his dark eyes darted over to her face and she was looking at him. She held his gaze for a hot moment until he tore it away, reluctant, confused.

The smoke had gone a long way towards calming her nerves. She could feel a wary kind of tension radiating off of Chibs’ beside her and she put a hand out and he reached down and laced his fingers with hers. He had only his jeans on, bare feet up on the coffee table now, and she found his naked torso, still slick with their intermingled sweat, unbelievably erotic as she sat next to him wearing only his t-shirt and her underwear. She felt as though the two of them were on stage, Juice their only audience, the second act waiting to be unveiled. She laid her head on Chibs’ shoulder.

He answered Juice. “What if I did? I know how to mind business that’s my own, Juicey boy. Your mouth can get your nose broken.”

Juice could not stop staring at them, at their joined hands, shaking his head, exhaling loudly. He was looking as though he would need a paper bag to breathe into. He raised his eyes, still hooded with his drawn brows. “What about-“

Tara cut him off with both a raised hand and a fierce look. “Don’t. Just don’t.” She gently shook her hand free from Chibs hold, unfolded her legs and stood.

The shirt hit her at the top of her thighs. Her legs long and lean. She moved around the coffee table towards Juice who was now staring at her with a steely fear in the corners of his eyes but an open longing in the tilt of his head, the set of his mouth. He licked the long upper bow of his lips.

“I can make this your business, Juan,” she said and her voice was full of seductive promise. Chibs laughed appreciatively from the sofa.

“I’m not following,” Juice stammered as she drew closer to him.

“Oh, you will soon,” she said quietly and pulled the t-shirt over her head and dropped it to the floor. She straddled his lap and his hands instinctively went to her ass, keeping her from falling, pulling her against him. With one hand on the back of his head, Tara pulled his mouth to her breast. She arched into his arms.

Both knees deep in the cushions of the chair, she laced her fingers behind his neck and made the conscious decision to take the wheel, take the handle bar, take the reins, and drive. She had wanted to find a way to live more in the moment for long chaotic months. The impetus for her affair with Chibs had been fueled by this desire. She no longer could tolerate the careful and precise pattern of her life that she had been following like an obedient child, not straying inside or outside the lines. She wanted to find a wild place in which she could run and dance, sing and twirl, where she could feel free and unencumbered. At night, alone in her marriage bed, listening to the point of exhaustion for Jax’s bike, waking from tormented sleep, she knew that it was an illusion. In the daytime, heart beating with every unexpected step Jax took towards her, each tinny ring of her cellular, a hot glance setting her on fire, she knew it was an illusion. But it was keeping her alive.

Now, on Juice’s lap, feeling a new pair of strange hands warming her bare flesh, she let go of conscious thought, recrimination and hesitation. She became animal. And beneath her, between her thighs, she felt him respond in kind. He was reaching for her face; she