in that fire. He wanted to purge Juice clean with it. If the boy was ready to play fast and loose with his own life, then all the gods be damned, he could play too.

He left the bathroom with his mouth dry and his heart heavy.

Then they had begun drinking. Tig was alternating between tears and rage and his heartbroken fury morphed into physical comfort that became a kind of dark orgy of men holding men. Tears wept into leather-clad shoulders, fists thrown and caught. Bottle after bottle killed dead, lain down on the bar, reaching for another, and the women steering clear until the night became pitched black and finally someone queued up the juke in the corner and girls reconvened and began dancing with each other and the men found themselves sprawled on couches and chairs, watching and still holding fast.

He himself was sprawled on one of the sofas, Tig on his right, Juice on his left and gyrating female bodies at the end of the tunnel of vision he was seeing out of one open eye. He had his arms slung around both men but it was Juice burrowing up under his armpit that he was focused on. As one song became another song, Juice’s leg began bouncing in time and finally Tig leaned across his lap and Chibs couldn’t say whether the other man’s hand on his thigh was an invitation or not but Tig prodded Juice.

“If you’re gonna dance sittin’ down you might as well get up there and give us a man-show, man.”

And Juice was plenty drunk enough to be encouraged and he leaned into Chibs’ face and planted a sloppy kiss on the side of his scarred cheek and stood. “Alright. Yeah, I can do that.” And Chibs brought a hand up to his face wondering what the hell that had been all about and Juice hauled himself up on top of the pool table and began a slow strip tease.

And this dragged Chibs right up to the edge and later he would leap but for now he was going to enjoy Juice’s particular brand of gyration. The boy could move no question about it. An invisible fish hook seemed to be set somewhere deep in the middle of his hips, the line held fast by the music snaking out of the powerful speaker system. Tig squirmed beside him and he knew that they were both being affected by the dancing, Juice’s body slowly revealed as he pulled the t-shirt over his head, smooth inked skin, taut over his bones and muscles. Chibs could be content watching him just shirtless, jeans slung low on his hips, tantalizing. But two girls quickly untied Juice’s boots and he toed out of them, hips still swinging in a masculine arc that made promises he seemed to be completely oblivious to. Then his hands were on his belt, the fly of his jeans and Chibs slid lower into the sofa. Beside him, Tig catcalled and wolf whistled and Chibs was flushed with heat. And then Tig stood drunkenly, leveraging himself with a hand on Chibs thigh, and made his way towards Juice, his intent clear in the set of his shoulders, in his swagger and Chibs leaned forward, elbows on his knees, and cradled his head between his forearms because this was just something he was not going to watch. But he couldn’t stopper his ears and suddenly he stood and Juice had stopped dancing and was looking at him through the smoke haze, through the air thick with sex, across the room, over Tig’s head and Chibs turned and staggered away from it all.

Back in the bathroom where earlier he’d skirted a dangerous moment with Juice fast and tight in his arms. Wasn’t the right moment, wasn’t the right time, but now, drunk as  a lord, the party raging noisily down the hall, he closed his eyes and remembered the moment. Took it to another place. And behind him the door opened and shut, the light switch flicked to off, and he knew without turning around that it could only be Tig or Juice.

He had one hand on the wall behind the commode, leaning forward, holding himself upright while his other hand attempted to direct his piss into the bowl, and now he had a man behind him breathing like a freight train.

“Aye?” he growled.

“It’s me, just me.”

Juice then and the piss slowed in his dick. “I cannae aim in the dark, boy.”

A mumbled reply and he could hear the thickened sound in Juice’s own voice.

Chibs nodded. And as he began to shake himself dry he stepped sideways and into his own undoing. Juice was suddenly there, hands on his shoulders, pushing him, hard, against the wall. And Chibs let himself be pushed, had wanted this for so long it felt as though he was pulling the younger man with him. He let go of his cock, back hitting the wall, hands reaching for Juice. And the next few moments were fierce and frantic and brotherly comfort was a long forgotten gesture from hours before. Now both men were raw and