the physical carnality that had consumed her brothers, had no understanding of how the girl was pulling them both under her sea.

They were not friends, too different. Tatia small and dark, Rebekah tall and light. She was the child in perpetuity. Tatia was a mother, she had a child on her hip. No known family, no husband. It was as though she had walked out of the woods, risen from a tree-lined pond, climbed down from the raptor’s nest. She appeared and the boys were enchanted.

Rebekah knew about magic, but Tatia was not a witch, she was the spell itself.

~***~

She and her mother are kneeling creek-side, washing clothing. She watches as her mother lifts Niklaus’s jerkin to her face, as though breathing through the wool, then the same with Elijah’s tunic. She stands and stares far off into the shadows of the forest. Rebekah watches as worlds darken in her eyes. Before Tatia. They were all naïve. Protected and kept innocent by a mother frightened of the dark. The night, the shadowed woods, the secrets of the heart, death. Tatia, the doppelganger, brought knowledge to her brothers as though she were Eve proffering the forbidden fruit. And truly, Rebekah wondered often now, who was Esther to forbid this, she who had lain with the enemy, bore the secret seed inside herself for nine long months and then nursed the child of another man at her breast. Had regret been turned on the spindle inside her mother’s heart, spinning into the skeins with which she eventually bound them all? The recrimination sentenced each one of them to century’s long death and dying.

Rebekah rarely brought recollections of her mother out into the light of day. The truth had tarnished the memories, once beloved and treasured, they were ugly with patina. She wasn’t ready to discard them, or at least the ones created before Tatia, but she hid them away in deep pockets of scar tissue.

~***~

Giggling and tipping her head, just exactly in the manner of her predecessor, the elegant sweep of her arm, the curled fingers hold the blown glass flute filled with amber decadence. The year Rebekah finally forgave Elijah and Niklaus was the year of her highest and lowest emotional map. The topography of joy and despair. The year that she entered the ballroom and on the far side stood Katerina. Rebekah had stood as though hardened to stone, the doppelganger playing the part of Medusa in her own mythology. Neither Elijah nor Niklaus noticed the metamorphosis, their laughter acting as chisel and hammer upon her body of rock. The moments of eternity, of realization, of understanding what should have been obvious. She summoned the memory of drinking Tatia’s blood and the spell was broken, her flesh released, she turned and fled the room and outside went to her knees, her arms tight around her body, and had to rock herself to calmness.

That brief span of months became a bloodbath of her own creation. The childish vampire’s cry for attention, both would later accuse her of. Months and months later. But in the heated sickness of the moment, heart-broken, jealous, alone inside the tomb of her skin, she clawed through jugulars, buried her face inside body cavities, rent lovers limb from bloody limb. Built a small queendom with corpses, piled broken bones like mortared walls, snapped femurs to suck out blooded marrow. She was writing a play of death and murder, retribution and revenge, alone on stage, a soliloquy of rage recited to the dead or dying or those who were not yet aware of their dark fate to be met at the point of her starving fang. And still, her brothers were occupied, smitten, taken, far away from her. She tore everything to pieces until Katerina escaped through her own choice of death and dark re-birth (she, herself, never had a choice and wondered what she would have done if offered).

Elijah and Klaus came for her then, wiping tears from their eyes the way she wiped the blood of her victims from off her face.

The three of them melted into the shadows they cast, into new lives, new communities. And the years chewed at what was left of loyalty and kinship, family oaths and promises, gnawing ragged on the ties that had bound them to one another.

Elijah became a living memory. He had slowly, surely, and inexplicably separated from them. At first he would seek them out for a month’s long reunion and then disappear. After long months, she and Niklaus would close their eyes as though blindfolded and go looking for him in the dark, hands outstretched, rejoicing for the while until he melted away once more. And then those months became years which became decades and one morning they both knew he had been gone too long to find again. She lay in bed, wrecked beyond grief, and asked Niklaus to hold her but he only wanted to mix champagne and virgin’s blood, shaking the bottle until she became drenched with his delight once more.

~***~

He found her beneath the