, you bag o’ shite Canuck.”

“Whatever the hell you are.” Tig rolled his eyes dramatically and added with a Lucky Charms accent, “Mick, jock, mate, suit yourself.” He sat the chair back down heavily on the floor, making a pretense of studying the cards in his hand. “Funny how you’re more pissed about me calling you Irish and a scarred fuck, then being told you’re a queer. I get it. We’re not supposed to talk about your face. We don’t wanta hurt your wittle feelings.”

Chibs’ expression had changed from perturbed to seriously enraged. His eyes were narrowed slits, his lips a thin tight line, accentuating the curving scars in both cheeks.  “I’m gonna carve my name into your effin mug, Trager, and no one - bloke or betty - will want to talk about your face much less look at your feckin gob. Little kids and auld bitties will cry like babies when they get a load of your puss.”  He was rising from the table, threatening and serious. “You can spend your time hamshankin’ in the mirror.”

Happy straightened to his full height, a splay-fingered hand held up to Tig, the universal sign for back the fuck off. Then he took a long sideways step up against Chibs who saw him coming and leapt across the table for Trager. The table up-ended, cards and money, whisky and beer scattering and crashing to the floor in an explosion of breaking glass and clanging coins. The group went melee, shouts and grunts, and then a sharp hiss of male pain. 

Happy had followed the trajectory of Chibs’ body, one arm snaking around his neck and shoulders, the other hand planted on the floor, a shard of broken bottle slicing up into his palm, but he leveraged the heavier man sideways, pulling him into his chest and rolling him away from Tig who was swinging wildly. Lowman closed his eyes and trusted that Kozik was dealing with Trager.

Chibs exhaled hard as Happy brought his cut hand up and grabbed both of his own wrists to pull him into an unbreakable embrace. Telford scrabbled with his hands against the iron forearms and came away blood-covered. 

“Wha’ the fuck?” he yelled, looking at his hands. 

“It’s me, brother,” Happy said softly beneath him.

Tig and Kozik were shouting strings of looping profanities at one another. Kozik had reached into the brawling duo and hauled Tig up by the back of his cut and was now shaking him, pushing him hard, not letting go, towards the door of the clubhouse. Trager was tripping quickly ahead of him.

Chibs watched Kozik follow Tig into the parking lot and then tapped out on Happy’s hip. “I’m good. Let me up. Lemme the fuck up so I can see what you did to yerself.”

Happy released him and rolled back onto the floor, holding his hand up and squinting at it while droplets of blood dripped off the edge of his palm and splattered into his face.

Chibs turned and squatted down beside the other man, taking his wrist in his hand and bringing it towards the light. He whistled low. “You’re going to need sewing.”

“Naw.”

Chibs shrugged. “Let’s wash it off and take a look, but it’s bleeding like hell. It’s deep.” He stood and pulled Happy up. “Look at this damned mess.” He kicked at the wet floor littered with broken glass. “Prospect, clean this shite up!” he yelled over to the bar.

Happy was looking at his hand, the blood a steady dripping now, onto the floor. “Stings like a motherfucker.”

Chibs nodded. “C’mon. Kitchen.” In the kitchen he turned on the faucet, testing the water, then reached out for Happy’s hand again. He pulled it beneath the stream, bending to look closer, holding tight when Happy protested. “An’ here I thought you liked pain.”

“Handing it out.”

“Make a fist. Good. Lessee you move your fingers. Count like this, with your thumb. Alright. No nerve damage. But it’s not gonna stop bleeding without some stitches.”

“Damn, Chibs!” Happy yanked his hand back as Chibs poked his finger into the wound. 

“You’re a feckin’ nancy. Sac up and lemme look. We cannae leave any glass in there.” He finished his inspection and grabbed at the roll of paper towels, yanking off several feet before he ripped them loose. He wrapped the paper around the hand and held it above Happy’s head, his wrist still tight in his grip. “Keep that elevated like tha’. We’re going to the ER.”

“No.” Happy tried to pull his hand free. Chibs tightened his grip. 

They looked at one another, dark eyes fast on dark eyes. 

“Right, then we’re calling Tara.”

Happy pulled a face. “Jax’s old lady? A girl?  No.” He took another step closer.