to laugh. “A fucken vampire road trip. Whodathunk it. See you at Meal, V.”

Vishous closed his eyes and listened as Butch made his way down the hall and into his room. He rocked himself back and forth in the chair on the balls of his socked feet. He brought his hands together, and slowly lowered his forehead to his tented fingers. What had Wrath meant when he warned him it wasn’t a road trip and why was Butch insisting it was? He knew Butch better than anyone, knew this for the fact it simply was, and yet he hadn’t known of this desire. His thoughts felt muddy and dirty and messy. He couldn’t see through. Suddenly he wondered if he relied too much on visions and foresight and was blind to seeing things as they really were in the here and now.

He turned back to the bank of computers, the monitors mapping the trip, and pushed all the debris and detritus of his soiled life out of his mind and went back to work on the job he had been given.

Her drawn-out silence was statement enough, but finally, she muttered, “Really? A vacation?”

V wondered how many more out-of-left field punches to the cerebral cortex he was going to be able to take. It had been a strange 16 hours. “Jane.”

She held up a hand. “No, I know. It’s work, work, work.”

“But?“ V bit down on his frustration.

“It just sounds like a vacation, you know. You, Butch, the Escalade. Driving across America. Go West, young man. All that.”

“What is it with you humans and following the freakin’ sun?”

She looked at him, confused.

“Never mind. Come here. Come here, leelan.”

She moved into his embrace and he felt as though he were holding an ice mummy. Slowly he dropped his arms and she stepped back, her head lowered.

“You want I should tell Wrath to find another brother?”

She nodded still not looking at him. He reached out and gently tipped her face upwards. “Can you?” she whispered.

Unreasonable rage bloomed behind his sternum and he pressed his fist into his chest.

“Vishous?”

“No, Jane, actually I can’t. This is my job, my king has requested this from me. I don’t honestly think anyone else can do it.” He closed his eyes to keep from seeing the obvious pain on her face. “What’s wrong? Tell me the truth.”

“I don’t know.” Her voice was shredded and she moved away from him, dissolving into air and then reappearing like dirty smoke. She moved around their room in a darting ghostly approximation of nervous pacing. “Something is definitely wrong. I’m not denying that. At all. And I’m trying to not put it on you. I don’t think it’s you. I think it’s me.”

V felt as though he were being drenched in freezing water. “Hey, we’ve had a tough year, I know that. You know that. It’s going to get better. Gaurandamnteed.”

Finally she stopped, still distant from him, but holding still, her arms crossed tightly across the front of her body. “I don’t think so.”

He took a long step towards her and she shook her head, he realized if she had been an animal she would have bared her teeth at him. The action stopped his feet like lead.

“I don’t belong here. I don’t fit in. Not really. I’m not making,” she laughed and the sound was bitter, “friends. You and I have been tearing each other to pieces. Okay, not now, right now things are better.” Her body shimmered but she stayed corporeal. “Humans talk about the honeymoon year. We haven’t had that. We’re diminishing one another instead of, I don’t know….we’re standing in one another’s way, we’re holding each other in this stagnant place, not letting each other move, become. If our first year together has been this terrible kind of thing well…what does that mean for the future, for,” she paused and it was a terrible silence, “for eternity?”

“Jane.”

“And my work-“ her voice trailed off.

“Your work is important. You’re good. You’re needed. You do belong.”

“My work is adequate. I will never, V, never know as much as Havers. I can’t. There will forever be a disconnect, a distance, between who I am and who all of you are. Even more so now.”

He wanted to take her in his arms, fold her against him, brush all the pain and fear off her and make her warm again. But he was frozen.

"I’m tired, Vishous. I’m tired in a way that