it," he said. "Polyurethane. I'm allergic to latex."

And Jesus, wasn't it just like McKay to be allergic to rubbers. The urge to let loose with a near-hysterical giggle, though, vanished as McKay dropped to his knees in a quiet rustle of cloth, his hand trailing down John's left side from shoulder to hip, and then his mouth was closing around John's dick and all higher brain function just shut down. McKay sucked cock like it was the best thing ever, like he was never going to get another chance; it was a devastating combination of technique and enthusiasm. John let his head fall back against the wall, concentrated on breathing and not thrusting and not coming embarrassingly quickly.

This was what John had come here looking for, and how fucked up was it that he'd driven two hours to get an anonymous blowjob from someone he spent nearly every day with. The darkness hadn't been a problem before—he really hadn't wanted to see who was fucking him anyway—but now he wanted light, wanted to know whether McKay would be watching his face, waiting for him to lose control. Or maybe McKay would keep his eyes closed, focusing all of his attention on what he was doing, reading John by taste and by touch.

John knew where the light switch was, could reach it from where he was pressed up against the wall. It would be ridiculously easy to flip it, to fill the little booth with dim, flickering light that would expose both of them. Bad. Fucking. Idea, John told himself, and he even mostly believed it.

He'd stopped himself from reaching out twice before he finally gave up, finally whispered, "Can I touch?" because feeling would be almost as good as seeing.

McKay groaned something that definitely sounded like an affirmative, leaning further in and swallowing around John's dick, making John groan too. Keeping it light, John started at the top of McKay's head, fingers trailing slowly down until he could feel the hollow of McKay's cheek as he sucked, could trace the edge of his jaw as it shifted with each slide of his mouth along John's shaft.

Between the slippery heat on his dick and the way McKay's free hand stroked restlessly at his hip, his thigh, the flat of his stomach, John couldn't hold back anymore. Habit born of years of barracks living kept him almost silent as he came, but McKay shifted away at the first twitch. "Oh, God, yeah. You're— Yeah," he said, hand wrapped tight around John's dick, jerking him off.

John slid the used condom off, tossing it over where he knew the trash can was. By the sound of it, McKay was getting to his feet; John reached out, hands easily coming to rest on broad shoulders then stroking downward. The sound of McKay's zipper was loud and John hesitated for half a second, torn between offering his hand or mouth and offering something more, torn between not letting this get any more complicated than it already had and getting what he'd come here for in the first place. The decision really wasn't that hard; he trusted McKay with his life on a daily basis.

"Fuck me." The words were still whispered, not because he didn't trust McKay but because he didn't trust himself.

He could hear McKay's breathing speed up, could imagine his eyes, wide and dark with surprise and arousal. John turned around, letting his jeans slide down his thighs, and braced himself against the wall.

"I.... I mean—" McKay started then broke off, and John wanted to snap at him, wanted to say, Jesus, McKay, fuck me already, but he didn't—he couldn't—so he waited. "No more condoms," McKay finally said. "That was my last." By which, John knew, he meant it was the only one he'd brought.

It was only years and years of paranoia and self-preservation instinct that stopped John from saying that he didn't care, stopped him from telling McKay to just do it anyway, to just fuck him bareback. Instead, he fumbled a condom from his pocket—one of the handful from Atlantis's stores that he'd had in his kit when they'd headed back to Earth for this debrief—and turned back around to where McKay was standing, silent enough that John wasn't quite sure where he was anymore.

"Here." He reached out, his hand brushing against McKay's chest almost immediately. Dropping awkwardly to his knees, his jeans still bunched across his thighs, he tore the wrapper open and tossed it aside, finding first McKay's hip and then his dick and giving in to the urge to lick a stripe up its length, to lean in and mouth the shaft, drawing a surprised-sounding moan from above. As much as he wanted McKay's dick in his mouth