love?" The words should have been scalding, but Anders just smiled impolitely.

"You want me to tell you, and I'm not blind, so yes. That's exactly what I want."

"Pushy fucking mage," Fenris grumbled, and Anders knew he'd won.

Anders batted a tin of salve down the workbench and Fenris stopped it at the edge, with his hip. 

"He just wanted to fuck a Warden. I just wanted to fuck. It was that simple, and after a couple of weeks of him throwing himself at me, he laid that line on me, and there was no turning back. He knew what I was, and that was what he wanted -- you have no idea, Fenris. You eased into me. You didn't have any expectations for me to ruin." Anders busied himself decanting the potion he'd been working on.

"Of course I did. And you destroyed most of those expectations, only to replace them with new expectations -- which you keep destroying." Fenris's eyes drifted closed as he half-sat on the edge of the workbench, hand slowly smoothing over his flesh. "Burn salve?"

"I thought you'd appreciate the tingle."

The tingle that preceded the numbness... Fenris's hand moved faster, and his eyes opened just enough to glare sideways at Anders.

"So I let him take me home with him -- that shitty place in Lowtown they were staying. And I walked in and knew it was a bad idea, and I knew I was going to do it anyway." Anders tried to tuck a lock of his hair behind his ear three times, before it occurred to him it was too short to stay. "He's light on his feet, I'll give him that. Had to be, to get through everyone sleeping on the floor. But, he pulled me into the back room -- the storage room -- piled full of stuff they'd brought from Ferelden, expecting to have a real house to come back to. And the magic in that room -- I couldn't breathe. That room was so loud with enchantment, it was crawling through my veins."

"Now you know how I feel," Fenris muttered, resting his back against the bottle-filled shelves that rose up from the back of the workbench.

"Yes, but there's only one of me."

"There are two of you, and I can tell the difference," Fenris protested, hand pausing in its ministrations, as he shot a pointed look at Anders.

Anders snorted. "I wish I could."

"You do it all the time," Fenris pointed out. "Weren't you telling me a story? Hurry up before the salve catches up with me."

A sly smile slid across Anders's face. "So, I was standing in that choking room, blinking and holding on to the wall, when he took my face in his hands, and everything stopped. As long as I was touching him, I couldn't feel it. And he apologised, said it was the only room with a door that closed that didn't also contain his uncle, and let me tell you, that would have been a real mood-killer."

"I can imagine." Fenris's hand moved lazily, just enough to keep his own attention.

"So, he's sitting on this crate, taking his boots off, and I've got my hand on his head, just to keep my head on, and he asks me if I'm the Anders from Kinloch Hold. And I just panicked. 'Who was your sister? Did I fuck your sister? I'm so sorry.'"

Fenris's other hand moved up to his face and he snorted against his fist.

"Right?" Anders rubbed his face and reached for another bottle. "So he tells me who his cousin is, and I'm critically relieved it's not a closer relation, and then he tells me apprentice Amell told him all about me, and to look for me, if I made it out again. Whose cousin does that? Hawke's apparently. Why am I not surprised, looking back, and why was I surprised at the time?"

"Tell me I'm--"

"You're not allowed to give Hawke a hard time. He'll wonder how you knew." Anders's eyes were damp from the laughing he wasn't doing. "And somewhere in there, I wasn't paying nearly enough attention, he's stripped down to his smalls, and he's just miles of gorgeous brown skin and shag rug --"

"Shag rug?" Fenris choked back another laugh. "All you humans are fluffy. You probably qualified as 'shag rug' before those scars."

"No, I didn't. Enough of the scars came first."

That line hung awkwardly between them for a few seconds, before Anders went on. "So, I get my hands on him and, Maker's breath, he's