." He ground down harder, clamping down and rocking his hips forward in jerky little thrusts.

"That's because if you don't get off my knob, I'm going to piss up your ass, genius," Nathaniel grumbled, hands clutching at Anders's hips, trying to get him to stop moving, before an accident followed.

But, Anders's thighs parted and tensed, a flush creeping across the top of his chest, as he squeezed Nathaniel even tighter inside him, hips rolling wantonly in Nathaniel's grip. He loosed another spark against Nathaniel's hole, before moving his hands, and Nathaniel half-sat, trying to keep control of himself. "Yes," Anders affirmed, "I am a genius."

One hand slipped down to the bowl of Nathaniel's hips, as Anders leaned forward, to whisper in Nathaniel's ear. "Do it, Howe. Fill me up. You're not so big I don't have room. Fill me up, hot and wet. Make me come, Howe. I'll come so hard I'll paint your face white."

Nathaniel looked horrified, falling back almost to the bed, and letting go of one of Anders's hips to catch himself on his elbow. "You're out of your mind," he breathed, lust and disgust winding through him, as so often happened where Anders was concerned.

"You say that like you didn't know it weeks before the very first time you fucked me into unconsciousness." Anders's hands moved so he was leaning against the edge of Nathaniel's pelvic bone, his own knob caught between his wrists. "And this is hardly the first time."

Nathaniel writhed, under the pressure, every twist of his hips just making it worse. "This is ridiculous," he said. "Just get up so I can take a piss," he said. But, he didn't say 'no'. He didn't say 'stop'. In the back of his mind, Anders's words repeated again and again -- 'I'll come so hard I'll paint your face white.'

"Come on, Howe," Anders whined, curling his fingers down, pressing, kneading like a cat. "I miss it. Just let go. It'll be so good..."

There were things in those words that made Nathaniel's knuckles ache, a chill splashing across his chest and pooling in his palms. There was something wrong, here, and he couldn't find enough of the pieces to see it -- by virtue, of course, of currently being drunk and having been completely wasted for every conversation of any historical value about Anders's past.

"It's going to get on the bed," he protested. That much he was absolutely certain of. Still, he writhed and squirmed under Anders's hands, the pressure licking across his nerves in delightfully disgusting ways. He shouldn't want this, but he shouldn't want Anders, either. He could feel his knob thickening further, a warm rush that teased at the tip, as he fought not to give in.

"Laundry's problem," Anders purred, wicked delight clear on his face as he leaned forward, just a bit, rolling his hips and licking his lips.

"Anders, Anders, Anders--" Nathaniel fell back, elbow no longer supporting him, both hands grabbing at Anders's wrists. "You need to stop leaning on me or I'm actually going to piss, and this is going to be a lot less funny."

"Who said anything about funny?" Anders ground down harder, shifting his weight to dig bone against bone, as thin as they both were, and Nathaniel felt the first few beads of liquid swell and break on the tip of his knob. "Stop worrying about what anybody thinks, Howe. There's nobody looking. Nobody's ever going to be looking. Just let go. You'll feel better; I'll feel incredible. It'll be so good, Howe. Just fill me up. Stop fighting it."

And there was the smile that, if he were sober, would have scared the shit out of Nathaniel, but he was drunk enough that if someone asked, tomorrow, what he'd been doing tonight, he'd be able to shrug and say something tart, with a straight face, because he wasn't going to remember enough to comment on it. And, on the whole, that was the way he preferred to spend time with Anders. The mage was a lot less annoying, drunk and naked, most of the time. They were there for one reason: to ride out the Warden stamina, so they could actually get some sleep. Maker only knew what anyone else was doing with that problem.

But, Anders was smiling at him -- that decadent tyrant's smile, when the fall of the empire's come knocking. He felt like it belonged on a magister, not some desperate, scarred runaway --