bann we all want to choke the life out of?" Anders raised a disbelieving eyebrow. "I could just go ask Oghren to knock my head off, for as well as that's going to end."

"You underestimate Lucien. Come, did he not ask you to keep me occupied by whatever means you saw fit? Was this not after I made clear my intentions toward you? He knows exactly what I'm doing. And if there's a spot on his pillow that smells of you, I'm sure he'll press my face into it, later." Zevran shrugged, entirely unconcerned. "Lucien is more giving than you expect. Again with your expectations."

"If I get killed, it's on you." Anders sighed, following him into the room. "Of course, you are an assassin, so ..."

"That's professional. This is not." A hint of warning flashed through Zevran's eyes as he set down the bottles and the tray on the table beside the bed, moving Lucien's pile of books out of the way.

"Luke was professional, and look where that got you."

"Lucien was different. That is not a situation I will find myself in again, if only because I will be dead. I tried to charm him into it, you know, slitting my lovely throat. But, I was too beautiful to die. And he was so very handsome." Sitting on the footboard of the bed, Zevran slid his boots off. "I will make myself less beautiful, the next time I ask someone to kill me. It will be easier."

"I can't imagine you begging for death..." Anders had no idea what to do with his hands, but his eyes lingered on the striking elf, now bootless.

"Good. Because I didn't." Zevran caught one of Anders's nervous hands and looked up at him. "Healer, now is not the time to fear me."

"Is it not? Seemed like the perfect time for it, to me. I'm gorgeous when I'm terrified. Ask any Templar." Anders pulled his hand free and laid it against Zevran's cheek. "It smells like Luke, in here."

"Are you so disinterested in Lucien?" Zevran asked, tilting his head to stand with the hand. "I do not think he is disinterested in you."

"Disinterested? No. Terrified? Yes." Anders laughed, running his finger and thumb along the curve of Zevran's ear.

"As you say, you're gorgeous when you're terrified."

"Cheater," Anders mumbled, as Zevran pulled him into a kiss.

"Grandmaster," Zevran corrected, on the next breath.

That was all it took. Anders hauled the Crow up by his fluttery Orlesian shirt and tossed him backward onto the Warden-Commander's enormous bed. Catching one of Zevran's feet, Anders grinned, then dragged his tongue along the sole.

"We'll see about that."

"You are even more beautiful, when you are overconfident." Zevran grinned, and the game was on.

FINALLY SOMEONE GETS NAKED! Actually, two someones get naked. And there is a bit of fun with scars, some pointed remarks, and some truly terrible flirtation. I should probably apologise for cutting this short, but there is somewhere this story would like to get, and it's pulling so hard I'm having trouble filling in the spaces between.

Zevran stretched, getting comfortable on Lucien's bed, as Anders's tongue darted between his toes. The healer's thumbs sunk into spots on the sole of his foot that he knew well, and Lucien had never gotten the hang of, for all his multitudinous talents. But, Anders knew exactly where and how hard to press, and the tension of the last weeks of travel slowly unwound.

"You've been here almost a day," Anders pointed out. "Doesn't Luke take care of you?"

"Oh, he takes very good care of me, but not like that. I usually have to go to a healer for that. And here you are. Lucky me."

"Well, if I'm going to take reckless advantage of you, I need to make sure you're in shape for it." Anders switched to the other foot, and Zevran made some contented sounds as he stretched again, in ways that best displayed the lines of his body.

As Anders continued to lick and knead, Zevran used his other foot to toy with the feathers Anders wore. "It strikes me as terribly amusing that you should be the feathered one of us."

"I like feathers. They make me feel glamorous." Anders brushed aside the remark and sunk his teeth into the back of Zevran's ankle, hands travelling up to knead the assassin's calf.

Zevran's eyes drifted closed, a contented smile smeared across his face. "This should make you feel glamorous. You have the deadliest man in Antiva purring like a kitten under your hands. Still