forward. "Put your hands on the couch. I don't want to knock you on your face, when I get to your lower back. Which is swollen. What have you been doing to yourself?""The usual? I write reports and occasionally hit recruits with swords." Cullen shrugged, a motion it was notably smoother to make."Drink more," Anders suggested, poking Cullen just above the back of his hips.Cullen squeaked and twitched away from the finger."Definitely drink more. That'll hurt less." Anders massaged healing down the sides of Cullen's spine, easing a few minor tensions that got less minor the further down he moved. "You holding up?""Mmm," Cullen hummed agreeably."So, what I'm about to do is probably going to feel a lot better than I mean it to. Which isn't to say it's not supposed to feel good, but, ah..." Anders cleared his throat. "Let's just say it's got side effects, and that happens to everyone.""Side... effects?" Cullen sounded suddenly nervous."You're going to want to take that out on Anton, when I'm through." Anders chuckled easily. "Lean forward a little more?"Cullen shot a discomfited glance over his shoulder, but leaned, as requested. "Please don't break anything, Anders."Anders scoffed. "So little faith!"His thumbs dug in, and the healing poured into the bowl of Cullen's hips. A warm moan spilled out, before Cullen could stop it, and Anders's hands moved quickly, pressing and pulling, drawing a dull crunch that echoed through Cullen's abdomen."You all right?" Anders asked, fingers nudging gently at the edges of Cullen's spine.Cullen whimpered, pleadingly, thighs tensing under him. "I-- that is, I mean... I am..." He cleared his throat and tried again. "I don't think I have ever felt this good in my life, and I'm not sure I'm comfortable with that."Anders laughed, easily. "Sit up before you fall on your face," he suggested."I feel like a custard," Cullen groaned. "A very runny custard."Anders cackled, but leaned forward and took hold of Cullen's shoulders. "Move with me. I'm going to lean back, slowly."After a bit of shifting, Cullen sprawled back against Anders's chest, seated between his thighs. Cullen kept his forearm draped across his lap, and Anders looked to the side, watching the fire, both of them trying to ignore the obvious tent in Cullen's nightshirt."Well, this is definitely the first time I've been in this position with a templar. I wonder, is that worth more because you're Knight-Captain?""Didn't realise you were keeping points. Should I get in a more templar-appropriate position?" Cullen muttered, eyes drifting shut.Anders shuddered. "Please don't. I've had enough templar-appropriate positions in my life. You should probably move your hips back, though, if you're going to stay there. I don't want you screwing up your back again, after I just fixed it."Cullen shifted back, before realising where that placed him. "I'm-- That's -- I shouldn't--""You all right?" Anders asked, sweeping healing down Cullen's sides. "Throw something out, moving?""No. That is to say..." Cullen cleared his throat but sat very still. "I'm leaning on you.""You have been." Anders sounded confused. "Maker, you're even tireder than I thought.""I mean that's..." Cullen shifted uncomfortably and then suddenly froze. "I'm leaning on your--""Knob," Anders finally realised. "Not worried about it. You've been gentle, so far. No kicking, lashing, crushing, or binding. A very un-templary approach, really, just resting your back on it. I could make myself care that you're touching my junk with your spine, or I could just not.""Still feels like I'm doing something wrong," Cullen muttered, tugging at his own nightshirt."Because I'm a mage, and your knob's throbbing, which is entirely my fault. I'd say you should go wake Anton with it, but that would involve stairs." Anders leaned back and rested his head on the bookcase to the side of the couch. His hands drifted up, and he started to absently massage Cullen's shoulders again. "Relax or you're going to fuck up all my hard work.""Relaxing's... a little difficult, you know," Cullen murmured, tightly. "And Anton's at his game.""So, do something about that, if it's so distracting," Anders advised, fingers still kneading Cullen's shoulders. "Just don't get any on me. Had enough lyrium-laced