'Asha Belarl'an', just as you are?"

"Kalli," the hooded woman finally replied. "You can call me Kalli."

"Andaran atish'an, Kalli," Ghilan'asha said, leading Kalli deeper into the wood and trusting Theron to follow. "Welcome to my home. May you come to know peace in it."


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

"Keeper, you'll never believe what I found in the woods!" Ghilan'asha called out, as they came up on the camp. "This old point-eared menace and his flat-eared friend!"

"I am not a menace!" Theron protested, holding up his hands. "I just get a little excited, sometimes!"

"Excited, huh? That's how you collapsed that aravel, isn't it?" Ghilan'asha teased, leading him and Kalli to the fire.

A scout staggered out of an aravel, squinting. "I know that voice... Why, you bastard wolfson, there you are! It's been years! We all thought the Dread Wolf got you, running off alone, like you did!"

"Tamlen?" Theron whipped around, handing the roped pheasants off to Ghilan'asha, before he bounded across the camp, arms wide. "Mythal's breath, how are you?"

Tamlen waited until the last second to stick his arm out and step forward, cracking Theron across the neck and dragging him to the ground for a few quick punches. "You ran out on me you turd! You flaming pile of halla dung, how could you do that? You didn't even take me with you!"

Theron laughed and twisted under the assault until he could jam a foot in Tamlen's face. "I was going to run off to the city and fuck shem. You don't even like the look of them! They're too hairy, you said. They've got stupid round ears, you said."

"That's not the point," Tamlen grumbled, getting in a few more hits.

"What about, if both of us left, the whole clan would've caved in on itself?" Theron asked, catching Tamlen's neck in the curve of his knee and sitting up. "You said it yourself! And I agreed with you. One of us, but not both of us. There's always got to be at least one of us."

"Who do you think's going to win?" Kalli asked Ghilan'asha. "I mean, that's a pretty good show, but my bet's still on the other guy."

Ghilan'asha grinned slyly. "You never could tell, with the two of them. They were always like this. It's why they were both set out to be hunters, first. But, Mahariel's too easily bored and Tamlen can't sit still. Tamlen's a scout now, but... Master Ilen's been trying to pull him into crafting and Hahren Paivel's been looking for a new apprentice."

"What... did Theron used to do?" Kalli asked, still watching the two men roll around on the ground, punching, growling, and laughing.

"He looks like such an idiot, doesn't he?" Ghilan'asha laughed. "But, don't let him fool you. If he had magic, he'd be our keeper's First. He was Hahren Paivel's apprentice. He tells the old stories and sings the old songs. One day, he'll teach the children the old ways."

"So, he's... what, like a performer of some kind?" Kalli dug some dried fruit out of her bag and offered a piece to Ghilan'asha, as the fight continued.

"More like a teacher and a scholar, I think. Those are the words for people who show the old ways to the young, in the cities, right?" Ghilan'asha accepted a piece of fruit and tore at the leathery sweet with her teeth.

"He's a teacher?" Kalli looked horrified.

"The children love him. And he does voices, when he tells the stories. It's very exciting." Ghilan'asha chuckled. "He used to tell the stories to us, at night, when he was first learning them. He's only a little older than me. Tamlen and I would come back from scouting, and Mahariel would be by the fire, practising his recitations. He'd go all night, if someone didn't make him go to sleep."

"That last part I'd believe," Kalli drawled, picking fruit out of her teeth.

"What is the meaning of this?" A woman's voice echoed off the trees, and Theron and Tamlen scrambled apart, wiping at the blood on their faces, as they stood and looked anywhere but at the Keeper.

"We were just saying hello," Tamlen muttered.

"Enthusiastically," Theron agreed. "Hello, Keeper. I'm